NICETOWN Blackout Curtains are so much more than just bits and pieces of fabric that are sewn together to prevent sunlight from entering your home, they go beyond that mundane function and provide additional benefits that do not meet the eye instantly. Light Blocking Energy Savers. Having the heavy, multi-layered microfiber blackout window curtains or drapes can make a world of a difference in reducing the amount of light that comes in from outside, which has green-conscious consumers excited about investing them as energy-efficient window treatments. A home insulated and remains warmer in wintertime relieves the strain on home heating and reduces 25 percent energy budget at most. Light Blocking Energy Savers. Having the heavy, multi-layered microfiber blackout window curtains or drapes can make a world of a difference in reducing the amount of light that comes in from outside, which has green-conscious consumers excited about investing them as energy-efficient window treatments. A home insulated and remains warmer in wintertime relieves the strain on home heating and reduces 25 percent energy budget at most. Sleep Soother n Noise Buffer. It's hard to get babies to take a rest during the day when the sun is streaming brightly through a bedroom window. Blackout curtains encourage the best possible sleep and most comfortable setting for day sleepers and the ones who have trouble falling asleep, by automatically darkening and lowering noise levels. Sleep Soother n Noise Buffer. It's hard to get babies to take a rest during the day when the sun is streaming brightly through a bedroom window. Blackout curtains encourage the best possible sleep and most comfortable setting for day sleepers and the ones who have trouble falling asleep, by automatically darkening and lowering noise levels. Absolute Privacy n Relax. Not only that but also make your resting zone truly blissful. They would be perfect for any home theater and supply you with the enjoyment of watching TV in real darkness. Absolute Privacy n Relax. Not only that but also make your resting zone truly blissful. They would be perfect for any home theater and supply you with the enjoyment of watching TV in real darkness. If you are looking for great and cost-effective ways of re-inventing the look of your home, NICETOWN readymade curtains would be the game changer in your shopping cart. They are crafted for the topmost and luxury, coming with the back tab & rod pocket for easy installation and smooth sliding over a rod. Each curtain panel is carefully ironed and ready to serve as your window dressing. What color do you like?