If you are looking for an accent Table Runner for your Table or you want to add some color for your home and kitchen, Natus Weaver is now offering you a great selection of Classic Soft Linen table runners . We hope our collections could make positive effect on your living space. Natus Weaver soft linen Table Runner is made of 100% high quality polyester. MIX &MATCH:Modern, traditional or whatever style your home is, Natus Weaver offers you 4 gorgeous colors to perfectly match your furniture and decoration.This soft linen table runner can match many materials of Table, such as leather, chenille or linen, etc. MIX &MATCH: Modern, traditional or whatever style your home is, Natus Weaver offers you 4 gorgeous colors to perfectly match your furniture and decoration. Modern, traditional or whatever style your home is, Natus Weaver offers you 4 gorgeous colors to perfectly match your furniture and decoration. This soft linen table runner can match many materials of Table, such as leather, chenille or linen, etc. This soft linen table runner can match many materials of Table, such as leather, chenille or linen, etc. SOFTNESS: Natus Weaver brings comfort and snug to your home: Put our table runner on your Table, you can enjoy you sweet eating time.Put them in your car to offer your families a better travel environment during the holiday.Or even throw them on your garden table while enjoying happy tea time with your friends. SOFTNESS: Natus Weaver brings comfort and snug to your home: Put our table runner on your Table, you can enjoy you sweet eating time. Put our table runner on your Table, you can enjoy you sweet eating time. Put them in your car to offer your families a better travel environment during the holiday. Put them in your car to offer your families a better travel environment during the holiday. Or even throw them on your garden table while enjoying happy tea time with your friends. Or even throw them on your garden table while enjoying happy tea time with your friends. WASHING TIPS:Machine Wash Cold Separately, Gently Cycle Only, No Bleach, Tumble Dry Low. Please be noted:Because of different screen display, the color of the actual item might vary slightly from the above image.CUSHION COVER ONLY, NO CUSHION INSERT. The images on this page are only for displaying the product. WASHING TIPS: Machine Wash Cold Separately, Gently Cycle Only, No Bleach, Tumble Dry Low. Machine Wash Cold Separately, Gently Cycle Only, No Bleach, Tumble Dry Low. Please be noted: Because of different screen display, the color of the actual item might vary slightly from the above image. Because of different screen display, the color of the actual item might vary slightly from the above image. CUSHION COVER ONLY, NO CUSHION INSERT. The images on this page are only for displaying the product. CUSHION COVER ONLY, NO CUSHION INSERT. The images on this page are only for displaying the product.