100% Polypropylene 100% Polypropylene Machine Woven in Turkey Machine Woven in Turkey Medium Pile Medium Pile Thickness: 0.315" Thickness: 0.315" Outdoor Safe: No Outdoor Safe: No Colors: Gray, Charcoal, Light Gray, Cream Colors: Gray, Charcoal, Light Gray, Cream Recommended Rooms: Living Room, Bedroom, Dining Room, Kitchen, Hallway, Foyer, Playroom, Kids Room Recommended Rooms: Living Room, Bedroom, Dining Room, Kitchen, Hallway, Foyer, Playroom, Kids Room Dyes, yarns and packing materials all have natural odors that are sometimes magnified after rugs are packaged. Any odors should dissipate within a week of being removed from the packaging. If your rug has a crease, we recommend laying flat or reverse rolling. Creases will disappear within 2 weeks. Dyes, yarns and packing materials all have natural odors that are sometimes magnified after rugs are packaged. Any odors should dissipate within a week of being removed from the packaging. If your rug has a crease, we recommend laying flat or reverse rolling. Creases will disappear within 2 weeks. The compelling rugs from the Calliope Collection features bohemian Moroccan geometric prints. The machine woven construction of these pieces provides durability at a comfortable price point. Made with polypropylene in Turkey with a soft medium pile. Easy to clean and maintain, we recommend vacuuming regularly and spot cleaning with a clean cloth. Always test a small area first. Use of a rug pad is recommended to prevent slippage and movement. One Year Limited Warranty. The compelling rugs from the Calliope Collection features bohemian Moroccan geometric prints. The machine woven construction of these pieces provides durability at a comfortable price point. Made with polypropylene in Turkey with a soft medium pile. Easy to clean and maintain, we recommend vacuuming regularly and spot cleaning with a clean cloth. Always test a small area first. Use of a rug pad is recommended to prevent slippage and movement. One Year Limited Warranty.