The Elite Gourmet Automatic Easy Egg Cooker allows you to cook up to 7 eggs at one time. Eliminate the guesswork by using the included measuring cup which allows you to calibrate the water level to consistently prepare eggs to your desired style; soft, medium, or hard boiled. In addition to steaming omelets, this egg cooker allows you to gently poach two eggs with the included poaching tray as well as cook scrambled eggs. No more waiting for water to boil on the stove; the convenient automatic shut-off indicator light + audible buzzer alert lets the user know exactly when the cooking cycle is complete to prevent overcooking. The built-in timer adjusts automatically from soft to hard and cooks eggs exactly to your liking! Also included on the measuring cup is a built-in piercing pin to prevent cracked shells during cooking. It also allows you to pierce the eggs prior to cooking to release the sulfur within the egg. The result is consistently perfect golden yellow yolks. Gone are the days of undercooking or overcooking your eggs! Perfect as a back to school gift for dorms, apartments, RV campers, camping, etc. Small and lightweight, it easily fits into drawers for storage or just leave out on the counter as a fun and colorful accent to any home kitchen. Prepare quick and healthy breakfast, meals or even just snacks for the whole family! Designed to make busy mornings easier and to save you time + money. No need to spent 1+ dollars on that hard-boiled egg at the cafeteria, the Elite Gourmet Easy Egg Cooker can quickly boil eggs in the morning while you are brushing your teeth! Just add eggs, water, push the power button and within minutes your eggs will be ready. Using the egg tray handles, hold the egg tray under cold water to rinse and cool down if you need to peel them right away. Using the poaching or omelet tray, top with a bit of tomato, green pepper, and chives for an easy and healthy breakfast. Pair it with toast and avocado for a hearty brunch. Prepare deviled eggs for the office potluck. However, you use the Easy Egg Cooker, we are sure you will love it as much as we love telling you about it! Includes Egg Cooker Base, Dishwasher safe removable parts: egg tray, poaching tray, omelet tray, clear lid, measuring cup and instruction manual with 16 recipes. Voltage of 120V. cETL approved. Do not use outdoors. The Elite Gourmet Easy Egg Cooker is cETL approved and 360 Watts/120V for worry and hassle-free usage. Our customer support team is based in the US and available to answer any questions you may have!