Dockers Size Chart and Fit Guide Dockers Size Chart and Fit Guide Refined yet casual, the pleated Dockers® Lux Cotton Stretch Pants are a modern staple for any gentleman's wardrobe. The reinvented trouser is crafted from a lux stretch-cotton fabrication for a more refined look and subtle sheen finish with a super-soft feel that will make these your workday-to-weekend pant. Refined yet casual, the pleated Dockers® Lux Cotton Stretch Pants are a modern staple for any gentleman's wardrobe. The reinvented trouser is crafted from a lux stretch-cotton fabrication for a more refined look and subtle sheen finish with a super-soft feel that will make these your workday-to-weekend pant. D3 classic fit sports regular-rise waist, a comfortable fit through the seat and thigh, and straight through the leg for a timeless fit. D3 classic fit sports regular-rise waist, a comfortable fit through the seat and thigh, and straight through the leg for a timeless fit. The Flex Comfort Waistband™ is constructed to add an additional 1.5" in the waist for comfortable movement throughout the day. The Flex Comfort Waistband™ is constructed to add an additional 1.5" in the waist for comfortable movement throughout the day. Wrinkle-free technology and the permanent crease leaves these khakis looking sharp and composed. Wrinkle-free technology and the permanent crease leaves these khakis looking sharp and composed. Elastic Shirt Gripper® lines the waist to help keep tucked-in shirts in place while you're on the move. Elastic Shirt Gripper® lines the waist to help keep tucked-in shirts in place while you're on the move. Double-pleated front with belt loops throughout the waist. Double-pleated front with belt loops throughout the waist. Back pocket features a signature Wings & Anchor embroidery. Back pocket features a signature Wings & Anchor embroidery. Hand pockets at the sides. Hand pockets at the sides. Welt back pockets with button-through closure. Welt back pockets with button-through closure. Button-front and a zip-fly closure. Button-front and a zip-fly closure. Solid: 98% cotton, 2% elastane;Heather: 76% cotton, 23% polyester, 1% elastane. Solid: 98% cotton, 2% elastane;Heather: 76% cotton, 23% polyester, 1% elastane. Machine wash, tumble dry. Machine wash, tumble dry. Imported. Imported. Measurements:  Waist Measurement: 32 in Outseam: 42 in Inseam: 31 in Front Rise: 12 in Back Rise: 13 in Leg Opening: 12 in Measurements: Waist Measurement: 32 in Waist Measurement: 32 in Outseam: 42 in Outseam: 42 in Inseam: 31 in Inseam: 31 in Front Rise: 12 in Front Rise: 12 in Back Rise: 13 in Back Rise: 13 in Leg Opening: 12 in Leg Opening: 12 in Product measurements were taken using size 32, inseam 32. Please note that measurements may vary by size. Product measurements were taken using size 32, inseam 32. Please note that measurements may vary by size.