Red Kap Men's Industrial Long Sleeve Work Shirt. Fits true to size. Two peice collar and permenant stays for a professional look. Button down with pencil stall on left pocket. You won’t believe how comfortable a long-sleeve button-up work shirt can be until you try this one. It's perfect for manufacturing, construction, automotive and many other industries. Its comfort comes from lightweight fabric and true-to-size regular fit. Plus, this button-up work shirt wicks away sweat, and wicking keeps you feeling drier. This lightweight work shirt also features built-in stain-resistance. When washed, the fabric’s stain-resistance properties actually release dirt and grease, so you look fresh at the start of every work day. Since 1923, we’ve proudly designed workwear with comfort and durability in mind for construction, maintenance, waste management, transportation, and all other hard-working trades. The Red Kap Done Right Guarantee: PROVEN DURABILITY. Red Kap challenges industry experts to put our workwear to the test. We test, tweak, and repeat until it's Done Right. FUNCTION. Engineered with: Touchtex Technology for breathable comfort, strong colors and stain-resistance. Touchtex Technology for breathable comfort, strong colors and stain-resistance. Durable Press. This work shirt require minimal ironing and pressing after wash. Durable Press. This work shirt require minimal ironing and pressing after wash. Two-Piece, Lined Collar with Sewn-In Stays  ensures your always looking fresh and professional. Two-Piece, Lined Collar with Sewn-In Stays ensures your always looking fresh and professional. Six (6) Button front with a button at the neck. Six (6) Button front with a button at the neck. Two (2) Button-thru, hex-style pockets with bartacked pencil stall on left pocket. Two (2) Button-thru, hex-style pockets with bartacked pencil stall on left pocket. CLEAN-ABILITY. With each wash, the stain-resistant fabric releases soil, dirt and grease, all while retaining its original color and comfortable fit. REAL WORKWEAR, MADE FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO DO THE REAL WORK.