The hoop earring is a classic necessity for every woman's jewelry box. This pair is constructed from Duragold, a sturdy, high-quality 14k gold made to last a lifetime. Measuring in at one inch in diameter, these earrings are the ideal size for daily wear and will become an instant favorite. The Amazon Curated Collection Discover the Amazon Curated Collection of fine and fashion jewelry. The expansive selection of high-quality jewelry featured in the Amazon Curated Collection offers everyday values that range from precious gemstone and diamond pieces to the latest fashion designs. This hand-selected assortment features an array of diamond, gemstone, and precious metal designs that receive a quality inspection, including from Amazon’s staff graduate gemologist, to ensure they meet Amazon’s high standards. All diamonds featured in the Amazon Curated Collection are certified by our suppliers to be conflict free, and IGI, GIA, or AGS certifications are provided on white diamonds of .75 carats or larger on all stud earrings, rings, and pendant necklaces. Pieces from the Amazon Curated Collection come packaged in a custom box, making them wonderful gifts. In addition, we offer free one-day shipping within the continental U.S. on items over $500. International shipping options for friends and family overseas are available for an additional fee. The Amazon Curated Collection offers a specialized customer service team that is available seven days a week to answer any product questions before, during or after the purchase. If you’re not satisfied for any reason, you will receive a full refund and free return shipping within the U.S. if you return your purchase within 30 days. Find a special gift for a loved one or a beautiful piece that complements your personal style with jewelry from the Amazon Curated Collection. The Duragold collection offers hoop earrings and chain necklaces created entirely of 14k gold, which is the threshold of karat gold jewelry in the United States. The Duragold collection was created for the discerning individual who wants the finest gold jewelry that is available in the marketplace today. Duragold earrings and necklaces are lustrous and available in both yellow and white gold. All pieces constructed in the Duragold collection use premium materials from the rich alloys; the attention to detail is obvious in the classic designs and durable closures and findings. The earrings in the Duragold collection are constructed with a unique and patented alloy resisting denting or scratching and are hypoallergenic. The Duragold earring collection includes the time-honored classic hoop earring in all sizes and millimeters in both yellow and white gold. In addition, the selection also houses double high-polished two-tone crossover hoops, shiny polished hoops, hand diamond -cut hoops and gorgeous three-colored hoops that incorporate all the stunning yellow, white and pink colors of solid gold. The Duragold hoop earrings collection offers pieces to start your basic 14k gold collection as well as pieces to add a little drama and sparkle to your life. A 14k Duragold earring in any color or shape is always appropriate, easily wearable and glows with the radiance of solid gold. The basic chains in the Duragold collection are varied and diverse. Lightweight and delicate, the Singapore chain and Box chain are perfect to enhance your favorite collectibles while solid, handmade rope chains are substantial and timeless. The Snake chain is smooth and supple, and allows pendants to glide effortlessly on or off while hanging smoothly when worn. The Perfectina chain is just like it sounds: perfect. This or a hollow rope chain is an affordable way to display your favorite pendants. The chain necklaces offered in the Duragold collection are available in various lengths to accommodate a pendant, a neckline or your own personal style. Lengths start out at the 16-inch choker length, and continue into the classic 18-inch or 20-inch, as well as several styles available in the hard-to-find 24-inch and 30-inch. The chains in the Duragold collection can be found in the traditional yellow gold or the more modern and fashionable white gold. Wherever your 14k gold search leads you, you are sure to find just the right piece of Duragold jewelry to add to your collection. Be confident that when you give a piece from the Duragold collection, your gift has the highest quality in design and materials. The designers of the Duragold collection are always working on new pieces and collections, so please check back often for new additions and designs. Remember: nothing shines like Duragold. Gold Purity The purity of gold is measured in karats. Pure gold measures 24 karats but is too soft in this state to be used effectively in jewelry. So it is alloyed with other metals--silver, copper, nickel, and zinc--to increase its strength and durability. Common measurements once the alloy is added are 18 karat (75% gold), 14 karat (58%), and 10 karat (47.7%). In the United States, the legal karat limit for the metal to still be considered gold is 10 karats. A higher karat measurement in gold content indicates a greater value of the jewelry piece. Gold jewelry should always be stamped with the karat mark, either 18k, 750 (European marking for 18k), 14k, 585 (European marking for 14k), or 10k. In addition, to assure its quality, the piece should be stamped with the manufacturer's trademark or country of origin. Gold Color The color of gold may vary based off of the type of metal alloy included and the percentage of the metal alloy used. Most commonly, gold is available in yellow, white, and rose coloring. Yellow gold is the most common color and is usually alloyed with silver and copper. Yellow and white gold are similar in strength and malleability, making them perfect for jewelry that is worn daily. White gold is alloyed with nickel, copper, and zinc--and while it looks similar to platinum, it has vastly different properties. Rose-colored gold is alloyed with copper and is often used to accent white or yellow gold. The saturation of color varies from piece to piece and according to gold content. Caring For Your Gold Jewelry To keep gold shining and scratch-free, avoid contact with chlorine and other harsh chemicals. Do not wear jewelry during rough work and be sure to store it in a fabric-lined jewelry box or pouch. To clean gold jewelry, use warm water, a mild soap, and a soft bristled brush, if needed.