Trotters Women's Liz Loafer Trotters longest running and best-selling style, Liz is a sleek leather loafer that mixes great looks with superior comfort. Liz features a unique basket weave pattern, a wide variety of colors, and easy slip-on design. A padded insole and flexible, lightweight outer sole finish off this great classic style. From its very beginning in 1935, Trotters has been dedicated to creating high-quality women's footwear with appealing looks and exceptional comfort. Our first shoes were moccasins made by Native American craftspeople in Old Town, Maine, where we still maintain a distribution center. The unique comfort of Trotters begins with our careful choice of materials: the softest leathers, high-tech cushioning, and flexible soles. And unlike many companies, we develop a separate last (the form around which the leather is shaped) for each size and width. So every pair feels like it was made just for you. We Fit Your Style The Trotters name has always stood for the finest in quality, fit, and style. All of our shoes are handcrafted using the finest leathers from around the world, with exceptional detail given to quality and softness. We are committed to providing you with a wide range of sizes and widths in order to ensure the finest fitting shoes that you can buy. We think you will agree that your Trotters shoes feel and look like they were made, especially for you. Nothing is better than when form and function join forces. This practical loafer has the best of the both worlds: an eye-catching woven leather upper and flattering silhouette pair with a cushioned insole and slip of a heel. Slide into this loafer and forget about it. It looks great, it feels great, enough said. From its very beginning in 1935, Trotters has been dedicated to creating high-quality women's footwear with appealing looks and exceptional comfort. The unique comfort of Trotters begins with a careful choice of materials: the softest leathers, high-tech cushioning, and flexible soles. And unlike many companies, Trotter's develops a separate last (the form around which the leather is shaped) for each size and width. So every pair feels like it was made just for you. With over 60 different sizes to choose from in most shoes, Trotter's promises you the largest selection of sizes and widths for even the hardest to fit foot. From work to the weekend and everything in between, Trotters brings you exceptional quality and comfort in every pair of shoes designed. Unlined upper See more