At Alfred Dunner, we have good jeans - Our super soft, relaxed fit denim pants are easy on the eyes and the body, and are always constructed of high quality fabrics and materials to ensure long-lasting wear. These beautifully made cotton denim pants are a great option all year long, and are sure to become one of your wardrobe staples. Classic enough for everyday wear, but modern enough to keep you on top of your style game, our denim pants pair effortlessly with dressy tops just as well as casual t-shirts, and will keep you looking your best, no matter the occasion. Avoid the headache of wrestling with buttons and worrying about stuck zippers once and for all with our versatile denim pants! Our elastic waist jeans are easy to slip on and off, and are great for year round wear. -Flawless fits and classic cuts that you’ll love- All of our pants are beautifully tailored to fit your body comfortably no matter the occasion, and are available in classic cuts as well as slim fits. We carefully create each piece with you in mind, and our pants are made to accentuate your best features. Versatile enough for daily wear, our wide variety of figure flattering pants are sure to become one of your wardrobe staples. -Clothing made with heart and soul- Alfred Dunner Inc. is a company based on two key pillars: heart and soul, both of which are embedded in the clothing we create and the culture we live and breathe. We’re a family-owned and operated business that is driven by an entrepreneurial sensibility—living by our ‘handshake’ approach as well as our word…and never compromising on either. In essence, we care. We care about delivering superior sportswear; we care about the quality and construction of our garments; we care about the needs and wants of our loyal customers and we care about delivering fashion forward designs that are ever-lasting and style-conscious. We’re rooted in family values and loyal ethics—which have led to our family-like reputation in the world of fashion and design.