The 2976 leonore by Dr. Martens is an easy-on, easy-off pull-on boot with an elastic ankle gusset — that sports an extra-rugged air-cushioned sole plus faux fur lining for the winter season.נעלי leonore 2976 של Dr. Martens הן מגף נעילה קלה לנעילה והסרה עם טריז קרסול אלסטי — הספורטיבי סוליה מרופדת אוויר מחוספסת במיוחד בתוספת בטנת פרווה מלאכותית לעונת החורף.Der 2976 Leonore von Dr. Martens ist ein leicht anzuziehender Stiefel mit einem elastischen Knöchelzwickel – der eine extra robuste, luftgepolsterte Sohle und Kunstfellfutter für die Wintersaison hat.حذاء ليونور 2976 من Dr. Martens هو حذاء سهل الارتداء والخلع مع وصلة كاحل مرنة - يتميز بنعل مبطن بالهواء فائق المتانة بالإضافة إلى بطانة من الفرو الصناعي لموسم الشتاء.A Leonore 2976 da Dr. Martens é uma bota fácil de calçar e fácil de calçar com um reforço elástico no tornozelo — que ostenta uma sola extra-robusta acolchoada com ar e forro de pele sintética para o inverno.Dr. Martens 的 2976 leonore 是一款易于穿脱的套穿式靴子,脚踝处有弹性衬料 - 具有超坚固的气垫鞋底和人造毛皮衬里,适合冬季穿着。Dr. Martens 的 2976 leonore 是一款易於穿脫的套穿靴,配有彈性腳踝三角褲 - 這款運動鞋採用超堅固的氣墊鞋底加上冬季人造毛皮內襯。Dr. Martens의 2976 레오노어는 신축성 있는 발목 거싯이 있는 쉽게 신고 벗을 수 있는 풀온 부츠로, 겨울철을 위한 매우 견고한 에어 쿠션 밑창과 인조 모피 안감을 자랑합니다. Dr. Martens is the stuff of legends. It all began near Munich, Germany in 1945 when Dr. Klaus Maertens injured his foot in a skiing accident in the Bavarian Alps. To make walking easier during the healing process, he designed a shoe with an air-cushioned sole. Using old rubber tires, he constructed soles that had air trapped within closed compartments. He showed his prototype to his engineer/inventor friend, Dr. Herbert Funck, and together they decided to develop and produce the shoes. Not only did the shoe solve the doctor's immediate problem, but it also started to sell well in Germany. By 1959 the two decided that they needed a company to produce and distribute the shoes, then called Dr. Maertens, in other parts of the world. At first, many manufacturers rejected the concept of an air cushioned sole as a short-lived gimmick. However, the R. Griggs Group, located in the village of Wollaston in England, decided to go along with the idea by creating the first work boot with the revolutionary sole. On the first of April 1960, the first cherry red eight-eyelet work boot was produced and named 1460. To sell the brand name better in England, the name was anglicized to Dr. Martens. The range was branded AirWair and the rest is history.