Refreshed and ready to take its rightful spot atop a new generation of consoles, the Turtle Beach Stealth 600 Gen 2 is the successor to the best-selling wireless gaming headset for PS5, PS4, and PS4 Pro. The Stealth 600 Gen 2 wireless gaming headset is enhanced with a host of upgrades, including a larger high-sensitivity flip-to-mute mic that delivers improved chat clarity and now seamlessly integrates into the headset when muted. The headband and hinge design have been reinforced for added long-term durability, and soft, glasses-friendly ear cushions provide plush comfort while refined 50mm speakers produce high-quality, immersive sound and are optimized to unleash the power of Sony 3D Audio on PlayStation 5. A user-friendly audio preset button on the headset allows for easy access to customize audio, and gamers can still count on Turtle Beach proven Superhuman Hearing for an audio advantage on the battlefield. Finally, connectivity is made easy with the included, mini-USB Transmitter that wirelessly connects from your PlayStation console to headset. Wireless Connection: A wireless mini-USB transmitter provides a reliable audio connection on PS5, PS4, and PlayStation Pro; The transmitter delivers an easy plug-and-play connection making setup a breeze Wireless Connection: A wireless mini-USB transmitter provides a reliable audio connection on PS5, PS4, and PlayStation Pro; The transmitter delivers an easy plug-and-play connection making setup a breeze Clear Game Chat - Re-designed Gen 2 Flip-to-mute mic now seamlessly integrates into the headset when muted, and a larger diameter mic provides clear chat. Clear Game Chat - Re-designed Gen 2 Flip-to-mute mic now seamlessly integrates into the headset when muted, and a larger diameter mic provides clear chat. Variable Mic Monitoring: Hear and adjust your own voice while you chat with friends so you’re aware of your own volume and don’t have to shout. Variable Mic Monitoring: Hear and adjust your own voice while you chat with friends so you’re aware of your own volume and don’t have to shout. The 3D Audio Advantage – Unleash the power of 3D Audio, delivering precise spatial surround sound for an immersive, realistic gaming experience on PS5. The 3D Audio Advantage – Unleash the power of 3D Audio, delivering precise spatial surround sound for an immersive, realistic gaming experience on PS5. 15-hour Battery Life - Always be prepared to play with up to 15 hours of battery life per charge for a rock-solid console connection via a new wireless mini-USB transmitter. 15-hour Battery Life - Always be prepared to play with up to 15 hours of battery life per charge for a rock-solid console connection via a new wireless mini-USB transmitter. Superhuman Hearing Sound Setting: Turtle Beach exclusive Superhuman Hearing sound setting lets you hear subtle, game-changing sounds so you can live longer and win more. Hear vital game details like enemy footsteps and weapon reloads to elevate your game above the rest. Superhuman Hearing Sound Setting: Turtle Beach exclusive Superhuman Hearing sound setting lets you hear subtle, game-changing sounds so you can live longer and win more. Hear vital game details like enemy footsteps and weapon reloads to elevate your game above the rest. Plush Comfort and Robust Construction - Soft, breathable ear cushions and integrated ProSpecs glasses relief system provides comfort for hours of gaming, and strong reinforced hinges and headband ensure long-lasting durability. Plush Comfort and Robust Construction - Soft, breathable ear cushions and integrated ProSpecs glasses relief system provides comfort for hours of gaming, and strong reinforced hinges and headband ensure long-lasting durability. Enhanced audio for gaming – Featuring refined ear cup acoustics and expertly tuned 50mm speakers, for accurate, immersive audio providing you a distinct gameplay advantage. Enhanced audio for gaming – Featuring refined ear cup acoustics and expertly tuned 50mm speakers, for accurate, immersive audio providing you a distinct gameplay advantage.