From the Manufacturer Ape Case Pro Large SLR/Video Camera Case ACPRO1400 You'll recognize Ape Case's ACPR01400 large pro camera case by the signature black outside, yellow inside and tough all over. The case is designed with multiple compartments that can be reconfigured multiple ways to hold a variety of cameras, lenses, and flashes. The case will hold SLR cameras, digital cameras, 35mm cameras, and mini digital video cameras, along with a wide array of accessories. The zippers and heavily padded pockets secure the case closed and it has a special cell phone holder on the side. Other features include a hard bottom with rubber feet and a deluxe comfort shoulder strap. ACPRO Series ACPRO600 ACPRO650 ACPRO1000 ACPRO1200 ACPRO1400 ACPRO1600 ACPRO1700 ACPRO1800 ACPRO1900 ACPRO2000 ACPRO4000 Hi-Vis Yellow interior? Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Designed for: Compact DSLRs Everyday DSLR's SLR cameras, DSLRs, digital cameras, 35mm cameras, mini digital video cameras and accessories. SLR cameras, DSLRs, digital cameras, 35mm cameras, mini digital video cameras and accessories. SLR cameras, DSLRs, digital cameras, 35mm cameras, mini digital video cameras and accessories. SLR cameras, DSLRs, digital cameras, 35mm cameras, mini digital video cameras and accessories. SLR cameras, DSLRs, digital cameras, long lenses and accessories. Two digital SLR cameras and lenses with additional room for 2-3 more lenses. Two digital SLR cameras and lenses with additional room for 3-5 more lenses. Two digital SLR cameras and lenses with additional room for 6-8 more lenses. Two to three DSLR's and numerous accessories including lenses, flashes and tripods. Access: Top opens outward, away from your body for unencumbered access. Top opens outward, away from your body for unencumbered access. Designed with multiple compartments that can reconfigure multiple ways to hold different cameras, lenses, and flashes. Designed with multiple compartments that can reconfigure multiple ways to hold different cameras, lenses, and flashes. Large Capacity Main Compartment With Top Opening.Black exterior and yellow interior, tripod straps, 15 pockets and compartments Large Capacity Main Compartment With Top Opening. Sling-type shoulder strap allows the Swing Pack to be swung around in front of the photographer, providing access to a camera with mounted lens. Padded secure compartment for up to a 14-inch notebook computer, two full-size tripod holders, and room for accessories. Padded secure compartment for up to a 14-inch notebook computer, two full-size tripod holders, and room for accessories. Padded secure compartment for up to a 17-inch notebook computer, two full-size tripod holders, and room for accessories. Removable cart system that allows for easy transformation from a rolling case to a backpack, instantly. Additional Features: 3-way carrying including padded top handle, integrated belt loop, removable, adjustable shoulder strap with contoured, "grippy" shoulder pad. Large top-access flap has Dual Zipper pulls for quick opening. Heavily padded design with secure zipper pockets. Hard bottom with rubber feet. Comes with deluxe-comfort shoulder strap. Black exterior and yellow interior, tripod straps, 15 pockets and compartments, Special cell phone holder on side Black exterior and yellow interior, 14 pockets and compartments, includes Padded Notebook Compartment Easily converts to a long lens bag to house large aperture telephoto lenses. Includes a rain shield that tucks neatly away when not needed. Includes a rain shield that tucks neatly away when not needed. Shoulder harness system is padded and contoured for extra comfort and durability. Wide-stance, roller-blade quality wheels.