Product Description The shots we want don"t always happen right in front of us; they"re often out on the sports field, up on the stage, across the room or just too far away for many smartphone cameras - but not too far away for the stylish COOLPIX S3600. Its NIKKOR glass zoom lens makes it easy to catch those shots. Zoom in with the power of 8x optical zoom and 16x Dynamic Fine Zoom for detailed close-ups from the sidelines. Add convenient features like Scene Modes for difficult shooting situations, Smart Portrait System for flattering no-fuss portraits, Target Finding Autofocus for keeping focus where you want it, fun Image Effects and so much more, and you"ve got a camera you can count on in nearly any situation. From the Manufacturer The shots we want don't always happen right in front of us; they're often out on the sports field, up on the stage, across the room or just too far away for many smartphone cameras—but not too far away for the stylish COOLPIX S3600. Its NIKKOR glass zoom lens makes it easy to catch those shots. Zoom in with the power of 8x optical zoom and 16x Dynamic Fine Zoom for detailed close-ups from the sidelines. Add convenient features like Scene Modes for difficult shooting situations, Smart Portrait System for flattering no-fuss portraits, Target Finding Autofocus for keeping focus where you want it, fun Image Effects and so much more, and you've got a camera you can count on in nearly any situation. Get even closer to what matters Zoom in even farther with Dynamic Fine Zoom Every COOLPIX is designed around a genuine NIKKOR glass lens, the legendary optics that have helped make Nikon famous. The COOLPIX S3600’s 8x optical zoom lens goes from wide-angle—great for portraits and landscapes—all the way up to telephoto—great for closeups of sports, concerts, nature and more. When you need even more reach, zoom up to 8x with optical zoom and 16x with Dynamic Fine Zoom, an enhanced digital zoom function that effectively doubles your reach.  *Dynamic Fine Zoom magnification is calculated from the full-wide end of optical zoom. Let the camera call the shots 18 Scene Modes for effortless photos Experienced photographers optimize their camera settings to match the situation. The COOLPIX S3600 does that work for you. With 18 Scene Modes, including Beach, Snow, Night Portrait, Sunset and more, it's easy to match the moment to a Scene Mode. You can even get creative and use Scene Modes to alter ordinary shots. Or, select Scene Auto Selector and let the camera choose the best mode for your situation. Flatter your friends and family Smart Portrait System makes everyone look their best Smart Portrait System makes it easy to create beautiful photos of the people you care about. Turn it on, and several portrait-optimizing features activate. Face Priority AF finds and focuses on faces. Skin Softening applies an attractive soft focus effect. The camera can even automatically take a photo the instant someone smiles! Your loved ones will always look their best. Capture the sights and sounds HD 720p videos with sound bring your memories to life When a photo alone won't do, press the dedicated movie button and instantly start recording HD 720p video in widescreen format while the built-in microphone captures the sounds of the moment in high fidelity. When you're ready to share your creations, use an optional audio video cable to connect to your compatible TV. Your friends and family will see your movies come to life on the big screen. Focus where you want it Target Finding AF for accurate, intelligent autofocus It's frustrating when a smartphone camera focuses on the wrong thing. With COOLPIX S3600, Target Finding AF instantly and accurately determines your intended subject and focuses on it—not on just whatever is closest to the camera. Catch the shot you want on the first try. No more out of focus shots or the frustration of trying to get the camera to focus on the right thing. Supplied Accessories AN-CP19 Strap AN-CP19 Strap EN-EL19 Rechargeable Battery EN-EL19 Rechargeable Battery Charging AC Adapter EH-70P Charging AC Adapter EH-70P UC-E6 USB Cable UC-E6 USB Cable ViewNX 2 ViewNX 2