Product Description Immerse yourself in your music with the improved audio performance of Bose AE2 headphones. You'll hear smoother audio throughout the entire frequency range, from full lows to clear highs. AE2 headphones can enhance your listening at home and on the go from your favorite audio sources, including portable players and laptops. From the Manufacturer Bose® AE2 audio headphones A new standard of audio performance that immerses you in your music A new standard of audio performance that immerses you in your music Improved ear cushions for hours of comfortable listening Improved ear cushions for hours of comfortable listening Adjustable, cushioned headband for more comfortable fit Adjustable, cushioned headband for more comfortable fit Advanced design, durable materials for lasting quality Advanced design, durable materials for lasting quality Fold-flat design and carry bag for easy storage and transport Fold-flat design and carry bag for easy storage and transport Enhance your personal space Immerse yourself in your music with the improved audio performance of Bose AE2 headphones. You'll hear smoother audio throughout the entire frequency range, from full lows to clear highs. AE2 headphones can enhance your listening at home and on the go from your favorite audio sources, including portable players and laptops. Sound and Comfort AE2 headphones, with enhanced, proprietary TriPort® acoustic headphone structure, deliver sound reproduction that conventional headphones can't match. And improved ear cushions, in both design and materials, give you a more comfortable fit. In addition, the adjustable, cushioned headband has been redesigned to distribute weight more evenly across the top of the head. As a result, AE2 headphones can provide hours of comfortable listening. Convenience and Durability The earcups are angled for a comfortable fit. And they rotate to fold flat, allowing for easy storage and transport in the carry bag. The audio cable attaches on a single earcup for greater freedom of movement and less tangling, and detaches for convenient storage. Bose AE2 Audio Headphones Highlights TriPort acoustic headphone structure reproduces tonally balanced audio with deep low notes from lightweight, around-ear headphones. Available only from Bose. TriPort acoustic headphone structure reproduces tonally balanced audio with deep low notes from lightweight, around-ear headphones. Available only from Bose. Bose acoustic equalization fine-tunes the frequency response of the headphones for exceptional audio performance. Bose acoustic equalization fine-tunes the frequency response of the headphones for exceptional audio performance. Around-ear headphone design features soft cushions that provide an acoustic seal between the headphones and the user's head, enhancing both performance and comfort. Around-ear headphone design features soft cushions that provide an acoustic seal between the headphones and the user's head, enhancing both performance and comfort. Adjustable headband allows approximately three inches of adjustment in length. Sturdy design features soft cushion for added comfort. Adjustable headband allows approximately three inches of adjustment in length. Sturdy design features soft cushion for added comfort. Fold-flat earcups allow for easy storage and transport. Fold-flat earcups allow for easy storage and transport. Detachable cable features attachment to a single earcup for less tangling and greater freedom of movement than Y-cables. Detachable cable features attachment to a single earcup for less tangling and greater freedom of movement than Y-cables. Drawstring carry bag stores headphones for convenient transport. Drawstring carry bag stores headphones for convenient transport. Product Details Product Dimensions 7.5 x 6 x 1.5 inches ; 4.9 ounces Shipping Weight 1 lb What's in the box Bose AE2 audio headphones with detachable cable Bose AE2 audio headphones with detachable cable Drawstring nylon carry bag Drawstring nylon carry bag Similar Bose Products to Consider Bose® AE2i headphones --Made exclusively for your iPod®/iPhone® and other Apple® products. AE2i audio headphones deliver smooth, full-range audio, from full lows to clear highs. Plus, the convenience of mobile calling and music control with a microphone/remote built right into the cable.