Product Description Go vertical with the MDR-W08L vertical, in-ear headphones. They'll get you ready to rock and are perfect for tuning into quality sound on the go. The MDR-W08L vertical headphones feature acoustic turbo circuitry, a high power neodymium magnet and an L-shaped mini plug, these headphones combine quality sound with a comfortable fit. This product also admits outside sound for added safety when you're listening on the go. From the Manufacturer Go vertical with the Sony MDR-W08L vertical, in-ear headphones. They'll get you ready to rock and are perfect for tuning into quality sound on the go. The MDR-W08L vertical headphones feature acoustic turbo circuitry, a high power neodymium magnet and an L-shaped mini plug, these headphones combine quality sound with a comfortable fit. This product also admits outside sound for added safety when you're listening on the go. These headphones combine quality sound on-the-go with a comfortable fit Vertical In-The-Ear Design The vertical, in-the-ear design of the MDR-W08L reduces size and weight to the bare minimum, giving you a fit that's comfortable hour after hour. 13.5mm Neodymium Magnets The Neodymium magnets are only 13.5mm for maximum energy in a minimum size. Neodymium is comparably more powerful than conventional Samarium Cobalt or Aluminum magnets, delivering a richer, fuller sound. Sony Acoustic Turbo Circuit Sony's Acoustic Turbo Circuit (ATC) allows for high efficiency in the headphone, letting you get high sonic output from your portable stereo without worry about overdriving the headphones. What's in the Box? Sony MDR-W08L vertical in-the-ear headphones, instruction manual, warranty. Technical Specifications Headphone Type: Vertical in-the-ear Headphone Type: Vertical in-the-ear Driver Unit: Dynamic 13.5mm Driver Unit: Dynamic 13.5mm Frequency Response: 20 - 20,000Hz Frequency Response: 20 - 20,000Hz Impedance: 16 Ohms Impedance: 16 Ohms Sensitivity (db): 104 dB/mW Sensitivity (db): 104 dB/mW Power Handling Capacity: 50mW Power Handling Capacity: 50mW Weight: 2.4 oz Weight: 2.4 oz