Are you a digital artist? Are you tired of all the smudges and smears left all over your working space because of your hands? Looking for an efficient solution that won’t be too heavy on the pocket, yet will allow you to work for long hours at a stretch? Well, this Articka artist glove is the right fit for you then! This iPad artist glove has been made specially for artists who work with screens. It makes the process of drawing, sketching, coloring, inking, and painting much easier by eliminating the hand sticking to the screen. This is possible by covering two of the finger of your working hands (the last two fingers); the ones that come in contact with the screen the most. This ensures that there is no friction between your hand and your working surface. This glove does exactly that! It ensures that you leave no smudges or smears across your screen. The glove protects your hand and also ensures that there is no transference of oils or fingerprints either, leaving you with a clean and smooth computer screen. This glove has been made using elastic Lycra fabric that will ensure that you have a comfortable working experience. It is also very elastic which is great for artists and is a light and breathable fabric that will allow you to work for long hours. This black artist glove can also be used on either the right or the left hand and is made to fit most hand sizes! Features: For digital artists For digital artists Allows hand to slide smoothly over the screen Allows hand to slide smoothly over the screen Two-finger glove (last two fingers) Two-finger glove (last two fingers) No smudges or smears on the screen No smudges or smears on the screen No fingerprints or oils on-screen No fingerprints or oils on-screen No friction between screen and hand No friction between screen and hand High-quality 100% elastic Lycra material High-quality 100% elastic Lycra material Black colored glove Black colored glove Can be used on right or left hand Can be used on right or left hand Free size  Package Includes:   1 x Articka Artist Glove Free size Package Includes: 1 x Articka Artist Glove