From the Manufacturer The cameras of the Comfort Long Zoom collection provide high-powered zoom and high image quality. Designed with ergonomics in mind, employing features proven to be favorites, these cameras are great for capturing family vacations or everyday moments. Beautiful memories from a distance, even in low light. Capture outstanding photos and Full HD 1080p videos from a distance, even in low light, with the COOLPIX L820. Its superb 30x optical zoom NIKKOR glass lens has both super-telephoto and wide-angle capabilities—zoom in for highly detailed closeups, or zoom out and bring the whole scene into the frame. A 16.0-megapixel low-light CMOS image sensor helps you shoot natural-looking, crisp photos at parties, weddings, concerts and more; and it's ergonomic design features a larger grip and 3-inch LCD for maximum shooting comfort, speed and control. From family reunions to travel, you'll bring home amazing memories with ease. Get close from afar Capture distant images with a 30x wide-angle to telephoto NIKKOR ED glass zoom lens Every COOLPIX is designed around a genuine NIKKOR glass lens, the legendary optics that have made Nikon famous. The COOLPIX L820 features a 30x zoom NIKKOR lens that takes you from wide-angle group shots to telephoto close-ups in an instant. And don't worry about a little camera shake—lens-shift Vibration Reduction keeps the shot steady even when your hands are not. Superior low-light performance High-performance CMOS image sensor lets you shoot without a flash Imagine being able to shoot without a flash at weddings, concerts, parties—anywhere your flash normally fires. You won't have to interrupt a moment to capture it, and your photos and HD videos will look more natural and true to your memory. The COOLPIX L820 performs so well in low light situations that, in most cases, using the flash is optional. Of course, when the lighting is extremely poor and you need a flash, it'll be there. Record superior videos 1080p Full HD videos with stereo sound for dazzling movies If you want a compact camera that shoots stunning HD videos, the COOLPIX L820 delivers. 1080p Full HD means exceptional video quality. Record the action, then connect to an HDTV and watch your videos come alive. A built-in mic records high-quality audio in stereo. Your videos will look and sound phenomenal. Dazzle with every shot 16.1-MP CMOS sensor for exceptional image quality and enhanced low-light performance Create truly exceptional photos and HD videos with the COOLPIX L820. Its high-performance NIKKOR glass lens is paired with a 16.0-megapixel CMOS low-light image sensor for superior image quality, versatility and low-light performance. Your shots will impress even you.