Product Description Tripp Lite 1ft VGA/XVGA Monitor Y Splitter cable provides an inexpensive alternative for splitting the video signal from your PC VGA port to two monitors that use standard 15 pin plugs. Perfect for laptops to display on a seperate, larger monitor. Use for short distance applications only. For applications that require longer distances and highest resolution, see Tripp Lite B114-002-R, powered 2-Port Splitter, or, B114-004-R, powered 4-port Splitter.. From the Manufacturer Don't settle for less than the best—enjoy superior video quality! This Tripp Lite SXGA/UXGA Monitor Y Splitter Cable assures peak performance when displaying a single video signal on two monitors simultaneously. Unlike cut-price cables, the P516-001 is manufactured to exacting specifications, using superior materials, for a difference you can clearly see. And we back our pledge of quality with a lifetime product warranty. Key Features Don't Accept Imitators—Look for Genuine Tripp Lite Packaging! Accept no substitutes! To ensure that the Tripp Lite cable you purchase will deliver the superior performance you expect, purchase it directly through Amazon.com. Your cable will be shipped to you in its original Tripp Lite packaging (poly bag with Tripp Lite logo; see photo). This is your assurance that the cable you purchased is a genuine Tripp Lite product. And if you don't see this packaging, it's not a genuine Tripp Lite cable! The Smart Solution for Home/Business Theater and A/V Applications Click here for a larger image The Smart Solution for Home/Business Theater and A/V Applications This genuine Tripp Lite SXGA/UXGA Monitor Y Splitter Cable offers an easy, inexpensive solution for splitting the video signal from one VGA port for display on two monitors simultaneously. Featuring one HD15 male connector for a computer and two HD15 female connectors for monitors, this cable is the ideal solution when you need to display the video signal from a notebook computer for presentations. Broadly Compatible with PCs and Macs The P516-001 enables you to display the image from one computer on two monitors simultaneously, with resolutions up to 800 x 600. It is compatible with any PC or Mac equipped with a 15-pin female VGA CPU port. The P516-001 is designed for short-distance applications; if you require long-distance video signal transmission, choose Tripp Lite's B114-002-R or B114-004-R video splitters. Superior Quality Assures Error-Free Signal Transfer The P516-001 is manufactured using top-quality materials. Premium double shielding provides maximum EMI/RFI protection to assure a consistent, clean video signal. The HD15 connectors feature integral strain relief for durability and long life. The P516-001 is also compliant with RoHS (Reduction of Hazardous Substances) standards, reflecting Tripp Lite's commitment to environmental responsibility. Lifetime Product Warranty When you choose this genuine Tripp Lite cable, you get superior performance plus peace of mind! We're so confident of the quality of the P516-001 that we warrant it to be free from defects in material and workmanship—for life! About Tripp Lite Outstanding product reliability and exceptional service have been Tripp Lite trademarks for 90 years. Tripp Lite's innovations include the world's first UPS system designed specifically for personal computers, and the world's most trusted premium surge suppressor—the Isobar®—with more than 19 million in use. Tripp Lite maintains the highest level of ready-to-ship inventory in the industry with more than 2,500 different products, including UPS systems, rack systems and cooling solutions, PDUs, PowerAlert software for enterprise-level system management and control, surge suppressors, KVM switches, cables and connectivity products, inverters, power strips and notebook accessories. Headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, Tripp Lite maintains a global presence with fully staffed offices worldwide. Technical Specifications Click here for a larger image Type: VGA/XVGA Monitor Y Splitter Cable Length: 1 ft. Connectors: 1 x HD15 Male; 2 x HD15 Female Jacket: Black PVC Warranty: Lifetime VGA Splitter Cables P516-001 P516-001-HR Maximum Resolution 800 x 600 1600 x 1200 Length 1 ft. 1 ft. Connectors 1 x HD15 Male; 2 x HD15 Female 1 x HD15 Male; 2 x HD15 Female Warranty Lifetime Lifetime Tripp Lite Protects, Connects and Organizes All Electronics Shop Tripp Lite Tripp Lite has been a trusted manufacturer of innovative solutions since 1922. With more than 2,500 different products, including UPS systems, rack systems and cooling solutions, PDUs, PowerAlert software for enterprise-level system management and control, surge suppressors, KVM switches, cables and connectivity products, inverters, power strips and notebook accessories, Tripp Lite offers the complete solution to almost any IT application. Tripp Lite UPS Systems Tripp Lite's UPS Systems are the most reliable and cost-effective solution available for protecting and supporting critical equipment in any environment. With capacities from 350VA to 80kVA, Tripp Lite UPS Systems can protect critical systems from desktop to data center. SmartPro® Line Interactive models offer Advanced Automatic Voltage Regulation that keeps equipment working through low voltage indefinitely without draining battery power. Top-of-the-line SmartOnline™ models offer true, on-line, double-conversion operation with pure sine wave output to keep equipment totally isolated from power problems. Tripp Lite Surge Suppressors From basic to premium, Tripp Lite's surge suppressors offer powerful protection for all electronics. Protect It™! Surge Suppressors provide convenient AC outlets and safeguard connected equipment from damaging surges, spikes and line noise. Tripp Lite's Isobar® models are the world's best-selling premium surge suppressors, with over 18 million in use. Tripp Lite Rack Enclosures SmartRack™ Rack Enclosures from Tripp Lite organize and protect rackmount servers, storage and network/telecom equipment quickly and conveniently. Racks are available in a variety of form factors including standard with doors and side panels, wall-mount, open frame and specialty configurations. Tripp Lite Power Distribution Units For reliable rackmount power distribution in high-density IT environments, look no further than Tripp Lite. Tripp Lite's Single- and 3-Phase PDUs come with available features like vertical or horizontal rackmount configuration, digital load meters, network interface, remote outlet control, individually breakered load banks, automatic transfer switching, hot-swap capability and more. Tripp Lite KVM Switches Control your entire network from a desktop or 1U of rack space! Tripp Lite KVM switches allow you to control multiple servers via one keyboard, monitor and mouse. With models that control from two to 512 computers or servers, Tripp Lite has the KVM solution for any network application. Tripp Lite Cables and Connectivity Tripp Lite offers a comprehensive line of cables, adapters, splitters, switches and extenders, including network (copper and fiber-optic), display (HDMI, DVI, VGA, DisplayPort), audio/video, USB, FireWire®, power, storage and more. Tripp Lite's connectivity solutions offer everything you need to get your network, digital signage, audio/video or power application up and running.