Product Description Low-Profile Wireless Keyboard and BlueTrack Mouse Desktop Set - USB From the Manufacturer Microsoft Wireless Desktop 3000 Low-profile keyboard Stylish, Modern Keyboard and a Comfortable Mouse That Works on Virtually Any Surface Work more places with style and performance. This advanced desktop combines an eye-catching keyboard and a BlueTrack Technology™ mouse that works in more places than either optical or laser mice. The compact keyboard design and a mini-transceiver that snaps into the bottom of the mouse make it easy to be productive on the go.  BlueTrack Technology™ Digital Media Access Media Center - Control media playback from your keyboard. Media Center - Control media playback from your keyboard. Hot Keys - One-touch access to Windows® Media Player, e-mail, Home, calculator, My Documents, Zoom, instant messaging, and photos. Hot Keys - One-touch access to Windows® Media Player, e-mail, Home, calculator, My Documents, Zoom, instant messaging, and photos. "My Favorites" Keys - Customize these 5 keys to instantly bring up the photos, folders, files, and Web pages you use most. Simply push and hold to set. "My Favorites" Keys - Customize these 5 keys to instantly bring up the photos, folders, files, and Web pages you use most. Simply push and hold to set. Enhanced F Keys - Perform common commands from your keyboard. Enhanced F Keys - Perform common commands from your keyboard. Spill-Resistant, Quiet Touch Keys Integrated water channels drain the liquid away. Integrated water channels drain the liquid away. Quiet, responsive, thin-profile keys. Quiet, responsive, thin-profile keys. BlueTrack Technology™ Works on Virtually Any Surface Works more places than ever before, including on granite countertops, living room carpet, and rough wood tables. Works more places than ever before, including on granite countertops, living room carpet, and rough wood tables. Reliable 2.4 GHz Wireless - Up to a 30-foot range and less clutter on your desktop. Reliable 2.4 GHz Wireless - Up to a 30-foot range and less clutter on your desktop. Snap-in Mini-Transceiver - Stows conveniently under the mouse; automatically turns the mouse on and off for up to 12 months of battery life. Snap-in Mini-Transceiver - Stows conveniently under the mouse; automatically turns the mouse on and off for up to 12 months of battery life. Tilt Wheel and More - Fully featured mouse with 5 programmable buttons, rubber side grips, and Magnifier. Tilt Wheel and More - Fully featured mouse with 5 programmable buttons, rubber side grips, and Magnifier. What is BlueTrack? Microsoft’s proprietary BlueTrack Technology™ works on more surfaces than both optical and laser mice. It uses high-angle imaging optics to generate an accurate picture of the surface. Now track more accurately on: Granite Carpet Wood Windows® 7, Windows Vista®, Windows XP (excluding Windows XP 64-bit) Windows® 7, Windows Vista®, Windows XP (excluding Windows XP 64-bit) Mac OS X 10.4-10.7 Mac OS X 10.4-10.7 100 MB 100 MB 30 MB 30 MB 4 AA alkaline batteries (included) 4 AA alkaline batteries (included) You must accept License Terms for software download. You must accept License Terms for software download. Internet access may be required for certain features. Local and/or long distance telephone toll charges may apply. Internet access may be required for certain features. Local and/or long distance telephone toll charges may apply. Software download required for full functionality of all features. Software download required for full functionality of all features.