Product Description Enjoy widescreen performance, any way you want it. With a 24" 16:10 panel, IPS technology and LED backlight, the U2412HM provides a brilliant view, plus amazing adjustability to suit any style. Your monitor, your style. The ultimate in flexibility and customizability, the U2412HM monitor can be adjusted to suit your workspace, tailored to suit your viewing preferences, and with its wide viewing angle, it can be viewed from almost any position. Designed with the environment in mind. Your workspace isn't the only environment that can benefit from the U2412HM. Amazon.com Dell UltraSharp U2412M 24" Monitor Great performance, no matter how you look at it Enjoy widescreen performance, any way you want it. With a 24", IPS technology and LED backlight, the U2412M provides a brilliant view, plus amazing adjustability to suit any style. Powerful: Experience IPS technology, featuring a wide viewing angle with high-quality color representation for a peerless viewing experience. Powerful: Experience IPS technology, featuring a wide viewing angle with high-quality color representation for a peerless viewing experience. Flexible: Pick the view that works best for you with an almost unlimited range of tilt, swivel, pivot and height adjustments. Flexible: Pick the view that works best for you with an almost unlimited range of tilt, swivel, pivot and height adjustments. Customizable: Change your energy usage settings, text brightness and color temperature with the touch of a button to help conserve energy with this eco-designed arsenic-free and mercury-free panel. Customizable: Change your energy usage settings, text brightness and color temperature with the touch of a button to help conserve energy with this eco-designed arsenic-free and mercury-free panel. It's okay to stare. Whether for work or for play, the Dell UltraSharp U2412M can deliver an unmatched viewing experience. Clearly outstanding: Watch your graphics come to life on a vast 24" (61cm) LED-backlit screen featuring a crystal-clear 1920x1200 resolution on a 16:10 widescreen aspect ratio so you can't lose screen area just because your customized applications support a different resolution. Clearly outstanding: Watch your graphics come to life on a vast 24" (61cm) LED-backlit screen featuring a crystal-clear 1920x1200 resolution on a 16:10 widescreen aspect ratio so you can't lose screen area just because your customized applications support a different resolution. Contrasting view: Get ready for blur-free viewing with 2 million:1 (typical) high dynamic contrast ratio and 8ms with overdrive gray-to-gray (typical) response time that helps ensure crisp, sharp and ghost-free images. Contrasting view: Get ready for blur-free viewing with 2 million:1 (typical) high dynamic contrast ratio and 8ms with overdrive gray-to-gray (typical) response time that helps ensure crisp, sharp and ghost-free images. Colorful character: Enjoy an amazing range of rich, dramatic and accurate colors, thanks to IPS technology designed to give you color consistency across a broad viewing angle and a wide color gamut at 82% (typical). Colorful character: Enjoy an amazing range of rich, dramatic and accurate colors, thanks to IPS technology designed to give you color consistency across a broad viewing angle and a wide color gamut at 82% (typical). Premium Panel Guarantee: 100% replacement of Dell UltraSharp series monitors sold if any bright pixel is found, valid within the warranty period. Premium Panel Guarantee: 100% replacement of Dell UltraSharp series monitors sold if any bright pixel is found, valid within the warranty period. Your monitor, your style. The ultimate in flexibility and customizability, the U2412M monitor can be adjusted to suit your workspace, tailored to suit your viewing preferences, and with its wide viewing angle, it can be viewed from almost any position. Height adjustability: Raise or lower the U2412M to suit your workspace and your personal style with height adjustability. Height adjustability: Raise or lower the U2412M to suit your workspace and your personal style with height adjustability. Versatile connectivity: Connect a keyboard, mouse and other peripherals via USB ports, DisplayPort and DVI ports that can deliver outstanding image quality when viewing HD content. Versatile connectivity: Connect a keyboard, mouse and other peripherals via USB ports, DisplayPort and DVI ports that can deliver outstanding image quality when viewing HD content. Maximum flexibility: Position your monitor just the way you like with comfort-enabling features like tilt, swivel and rotate. IPS (in-plane switching) technology helps ensure a great view from almost any angle. Maximum flexibility: Position your monitor just the way you like with comfort-enabling features like tilt, swivel and rotate. IPS (in-plane switching) technology helps ensure a great view from almost any angle. Supreme adaptability: Make colors cooler or warmer to suit your preference with the color temperature slider, while 'Text mode' automatically adjusts screen brightness to 150 nits, ideal for reading text. Supreme adaptability: Make colors cooler or warmer to suit your preference with the color temperature slider, while 'Text mode' automatically adjusts screen brightness to 150 nits, ideal for reading text. Designed with the environment in mind. Your workspace isn't the only environment that can benefit from the U2412M. Environmental compliance: The U2412M meets ENERGY STAR 5.1, EPEAT Gold and TCO Certified Displays 5 standards, and is also CECP and CEL compliant. Environmental compliance: The U2412M meets ENERGY STAR 5.1, EPEAT Gold and TCO Certified Displays 5 standards, and is also CECP and CEL compliant. Power management: PowerNap allows you to control monitor brightness level or to put it in sleep mode to conserve power, and Dynamic dimming software automatically dims onscreen brightness when displayed images are overly bright or white. You can even activate the energy usage bar to see the U2412M's energy consumption. Power management: PowerNap allows you to control monitor brightness level or to put it in sleep mode to conserve power, and Dynamic dimming software automatically dims onscreen brightness when displayed images are overly bright or white. You can even activate the energy usage bar to see the U2412M's energy consumption. Responsible construction: The U2412M is made of environmentally responsible materials, consisting of an arsenic-free and mercury-free LED panel and halogen-free laminates in its circuit boards, designed to consume less energy than a conventional monitor. Responsible construction: The U2412M is made of environmentally responsible materials, consisting of an arsenic-free and mercury-free LED panel and halogen-free laminates in its circuit boards, designed to consume less energy than a conventional monitor. Photo Gallery From the Manufacturer Great performance, no matter how you look at it. Enjoy widescreen performance, any way you want it. With a 24" 16:10 panel, IPS technology and LED backlight, the U2412HM provides a brilliant view, plus amazing adjustability to suit any style.Connection: 1 Digital Visual Interface connectors (DVI-D) with HDCP, 1 DisplayPort(DP), 1 Video Graphics Array (VGA), 1 USB 2.0 upstream port, 4 USB 2.0 downstream ports and DC power connector for Dell Soundbar.what's in the box: Dell U2412HM UltraSharp 24 Inch LED Monitor, Stand , Power Cable , DVI Cable, USB Cable, VGA Cable, Safety Information, Quick Setup Guide, Drivers and Documentation Media and 3-Year Limited Warranty. SIZE AND WEIGHT Dimensions with stand (H x W x D): 20.22 inches (513.5 mm) x 21.89 inches (556.0 mm) x 7.10 inches (180.3 mm) Dimension without stand: (H x W x D) 14.24 inches (361.6 mm) x 21.89 inches (556.0 mm ) x 2.56 inches (64.9 mm) See more