Product Description Nikon introduces the Speedlight SB-600, a compact flash packed with impressive functionality inherited from the renowned SB-800. It serves as a solid base for the Nikon Creative Lighting System when used in combination with Nikon D70 or D2H digital SLRs.When used in combination with Nikon's latest digital SLRs, the D70 or D2H, the SB-600 supports Advanced Wireless Lighting as a remote Speedlight that can be positioned as one of multiple remote flashes to significantly extend creative possibilities. To assist in such situations, the Speedlight SB-600 also has two Ready Lights located on both the left and right of the front that can be easily seen from a distance. The SB-600 can also emit an audible alert for further assistance. From the Manufacturer Nikon introduces the Speedlight SB-600, a compact flash packed with impressive functionality inherited from the renowned SB-800. It serves as a solid base for the Nikon Creative Lighting System when used in combination with Nikon D70 or D2H digital SLRs. When used in combination with Nikon's latest digital SLRs, the D70 or D2H, the SB-600 supports Advanced Wireless Lighting as a remote Speedlight that can be positioned as one of multiple remote flashes to significantly extend creative possibilities. To assist in such situations, the Speedlight SB-600 also has two Ready Lights located on both the left and right of the front that can be easily seen from a distance. The SB-600 can also emit an audible alert for further assistance. Auto FP High-Speed Sync enables the use of Fill-Flash even in bright daylight with wide aperture settings for the achievement of outstanding results and new creative possibilities, including the effective blurring for of out-of-focus background elements. An optional color filter set SJ-1 is also available, allowing imaginative shooting to be pushed even further. White balance is optimized through the use of flash color information obtained by the Speedlight. The SB-600 also features FV lock, which gives the user the convenience of being able to maintain the measured flash value while recomposing the shot to achieve the appropriate flash output for the subject. It also offers uncomplicated operation made simpler by an easy-to-view LCD with only six buttons, each of which is backlit and simple to understand. The Nikon Speedlight SB-600 also delivers plenty of style, both in its compact dimensions and a triangular motif consistent with the Nikon D-SLR theme. The Nikon Speedlight SB-600 comes complete with a Speedlight stand and a soft case, while two flash cables (the SC-29 and SC-28) and the Color Filter Set (SJ-1) are available as options. Major Features of the Nikon SB-600 Supports the Nikon Creative Lighting System. Supports the Nikon Creative Lighting System. Supports i-TTL (for automatic balanced Fill-Flash), D-TTL, TTL, Manual. Supports i-TTL (for automatic balanced Fill-Flash), D-TTL, TTL, Manual. Easy-to-view LCD with 6 simple-to-understand backlit buttons. Easy-to-view LCD with 6 simple-to-understand backlit buttons. Guide Number of 30/98 [ISO100,m/ft], 42/138 [ISO200,m/ft] (at 35mm zoom). Guide Number of 30/98 [ISO100,m/ft], 42/138 [ISO200,m/ft] (at 35mm zoom). Auto zoom of 24 to 85mm, extendable to 14mm with built-in wide-flash adapter. Auto zoom of 24 to 85mm, extendable to 14mm with built-in wide-flash adapter. Same Wide area AF Assist Illuminator as the popular SB-800. Same Wide area AF Assist Illuminator as the popular SB-800. Advanced Wireless Lighting available with D2H or D70 when used as a remote. Advanced Wireless Lighting available with D2H or D70 when used as a remote. Auto FP High-Speed Sync (with D2H only); use with fast shutter speeds achieves effective lurring of out-of-focus background elements. Auto FP High-Speed Sync (with D2H only); use with fast shutter speeds achieves effective lurring of out-of-focus background elements. Flash Color Information - optimized white balance makes use of data from the Speedlight. Flash Color Information - optimized white balance makes use of data from the Speedlight. FV lock holds flash value, enabling recomposition prior to shooting. FV lock holds flash value, enabling recomposition prior to shooting. Accurate i-TTL flash control achieved through flash exposure monitoring control. Accurate i-TTL flash control achieved through flash exposure monitoring control. Design consistent with those of next-generation D-SLRs, with a triangular design element on the top that complements the D-SLR motif. Design consistent with those of next-generation D-SLRs, with a triangular design element on the top that complements the D-SLR motif. Supports optional Color Filter Set (SJ-1). Supports optional Color Filter Set (SJ-1). Ready light located beside the LCD on the back panel - highly visible even when used as a remote. Ready light located beside the LCD on the back panel - highly visible even when used as a remote.