Product Description Introducing Sennheiser’s first universal mobile music and communication headset: the CX 275s. Compatible with Android, Windows, RIM and iOS devices, this in ear canal headset offers excellent compatibility with virtually all major mobile smartphone brands using a 3.5 mm headphone jack. With the CX 275s you get legendary Sennheiser audio performance on the go, regardless of which smart phone you have. Different sized silicon ear tip adaptors provide an excellent fit and deliver ambient noise attenuation. Full control is achieved using the in-line remote with microphone for easy management of calls and music track selection. The CX 275s is the answer to complete entertainment enjoyment while keeping you fully connected on the move! From the Manufacturer CX 275  Highlights Fits virtually any smartphone brands in the market* Great bass-driven stereo sound Easy management of tracks and calls* With Sennheiser's CX 275s universal mobile music and communications headset, you can enjoy Sennheiser sound quality on the go, regardless of which smart phone you have. Their high-powered dynamic speaker systems provide an outstanding audio performance while ear adaptors in different sizes allow for an excellent ear canal fit and ambient noise attenuation. Full control is also achieved with the in-line microphone and remote for the easy management of calls and tracks. The CX 275s is the answer to enjoying music tracks while keeping you fully connected on the move through any smart phone featuring 3.5mm headphone jack. Why Sennheiser? Sennheiser is the brand of choice for many high-profile recording artists and live sound engineers, delivering the ultimate audio experience to people who crave true-to-life sound. For over 65 years, Sennheiser has applied its in-depth audio research to the development of premium headphones and microphones. Every Sennheiser product endures rigorous quality control tests to ensure you receive durable, great-sounding gear that will withstand daily use in a variety of environments. Features Excellent compatibility with all major mobile smartphone brands using a 3.5 headphone jack* Excellent compatibility with all major mobile smartphone brands using a 3.5 headphone jack* Features an in-line microphone and remote for easy management of calls and tracks* Features an in-line microphone and remote for easy management of calls and tracks* Outstanding audio and noise attenuation Outstanding audio and noise attenuation Intuitive design matched with premium comfort Intuitive design matched with premium comfort 2-year warranty 2-year warranty Did you notice? You can individualize the CX275s to fit your ear canal for superior sound by selecting among the 3 different sizes supplied ear adaptors. Sennheiser recommends this headphone for ... Users of Android, Windows Mobile, Nokia and Blackberry handsets who is seeking better sound for listening and talking Technical The CX 275 is an ear-canal headset with a frequency response of 17 to 23,000 Hz. Warranty The CX 275 is covered by a 2-year warranty. Technical data Headphones   Frequency response 17-23,000 Hz Microphone frequency response 100 to 10,000 Hz Platform supported Andoid, RIM, Windows, iOS Weight 15 g Cable Length  1.2 m symmetrical cable Warranty   2-year What's in the box? CX 275 headset CX 275 headset ear adapter set ear adapter set storage pouch storage pouch adaptor cable adaptor cable