Product Description The Lexar Professional 400x SDXCTM UHS-I card leverages UHS-I technology to deliver professional-level, high-speed performance and reliability, with 400x (60MB/s) minimum guaranteed sustained read transfer speed. Store high-quality images and extended lengths of 1080p HD video with the card's high-capacity options, and transfer files faster to accelerate workflow. Includes Image Rescue 4 software and comes with a limited lifetime warranty. From the Manufacturer Impressive Professional-Level Speed and Capacity for Capturing High-Quality Images and HD Video The premium Lexar Professional 400x SDXC UHS-I card leverages UHS-I technology to deliver professional-level, high-speed performance and reliability, with 400x (60MB/s) minimum guaranteed read transfer speed.* This extended-capacity card is an excellent choice for sustained, rapid-fire shooting and capturing extended lengths of 1080p HD video with your SDXC-compatible camera. The Lexar Professional 400x SDXC UHS-I card is available in 64GB and 128GB capacities. Improve Capture, Capacity, and Workflow Impressive High-Speed Performance to Accelerate Workflow. Designed for professional photographers and videographers, as well as advanced photo and video enthusiasts, the high-speed, Class 10 Lexar Professional 400x SDXC UHS-I card provides impressive blazing-fast performance. This means that whether you’re interested in sustained, rapid-fire shooting or capturing extended lengths of 1080p HD video, this card gives you the power to get the job done. What’s more, its extended capacity allows you to store even more high-quality images and extended lengths of 1080p HD video. And when using a USB 3.0 card reader, once you’re back in the studio, you’ll speed through post-production with blazing-fast card-to-computer file transfer, allowing you to get back behind the camera faster. Includes Valuable Downloadable Software. The Lexar Professional 400x SDXC UHS-I card includes the latest version of award-winning Lexar Image Rescue software. Image Rescue 4 provides reliable recovery of most photo and video files, even if they’ve been erased or the card has been corrupted.** The software is available for free download with purchase of the card. Outstanding Performance, Reliability, and Compatibility. The Lexar team works with major camera manufacturers to ensure all Lexar memory cards are compatible with their digital cameras—from the simplest to the most complex. To further ensure compatibility and performance, all Lexar memory cards are tested in the Lexar Quality Labs, facilities with more than 800 digital cameras and memory card devices. The Professional 400x SDXC UHS-I card provides outstanding performance, reliability, and compatibility, and also comes with a limited lifetime warranty and free dedicated professional technical support. Lexar offers a comprehensive line of innovative, award-winning memory products in several categories, including memory cards, card readers, USB flash drives, and portable backup drives. With so many options, it’s easy to find the right Lexar solution to fit your needs. Lexar. When Memory Matters. Warning: SDXC memory cards are only compatible with devices that support the SDXC format. Use in non-SDXC compatible devices may result in data loss. Contact your device manufacturer for details *Minimum 60MB/s read transfer, write speeds lower. Speeds based on a TestMetrix certified tester. Actual sustained speed may vary depending on host device. x=150KB/sec. **Image or other data recovery is not 100% guaranteed. Product Highlights Leverages UHS-I technology for blazing-fast performance, with 400x (60MB/s) minimum guaranteed read transfer speed* Leverages UHS-I technology for blazing-fast performance, with 400x (60MB/s) minimum guaranteed read transfer speed* Excellent for sustained, rapid-fire shooting and capturing extended lengths of 1080p HD video capture with any SDXC-compatible camera Excellent for sustained, rapid-fire shooting and capturing extended lengths of 1080p HD video capture with any SDXC-compatible camera High-speed, Class 10 card addresses the workflow needs of professional photographers and videographers High-speed, Class 10 card addresses the workflow needs of professional photographers and videographers Includes downloadable Image Rescue 4 software to recover lost or deleted photo and video files** Includes downloadable Image Rescue 4 software to recover lost or deleted photo and video files** Free, dedicated professional technical support Free, dedicated professional technical support Limited lifetime warranty Limited lifetime warranty Capacities 64GB 64GB 128GB 128GB