Product Description Leading the way to the ultimate image quality, the X100s features the new APS-C 16M X-Trans CMOS II Sensor & EXR Processor II. X-Trans CMOS II incorporates an original color filter array with a highly random pattern, eliminating the need for an optical low-pass filter (OLPF). These filters are used in conventional systems to inhibit moiré at the expense of resolution. The X-Trans CMOS II array lets the sensor capture unfiltered light from the lens, achieving an unprecedented level of resolution. Also the unique integration of phase detection pixels in the array contributes to the dramatic leap in AF speed. Fujinon 23mm F2 fixed focal length lens, quality without compromise was the goal when the FUJIFILM X100S was being developed. While featuring the generous brightness of a maximum F2 aperture, the large-diameter rear lens group is integrated into the body for an ultra-slim profile. In addition, the optimization of the sensor for this special lens fully exploits the advantage of a fixed focal length lens for superior edge-to-edge image quality. The new Hybrid Viewfinder offers expanded freedom in a range of challenging shooting conditions. When you want to view the subject with maximum clarity or keep shutter time lag to a minimum, the Optical Viewfinder (OVF) impresses with stunning optical quality. For confirmation of focus, exposure, white balance and depth of field while shooting the scene, just move the lever to Electronic Viewfinder (EVF) featuring an integrated 2,360K LCD. Using the power of the phase detection pixels integrated in the X-Trans CMOS II sensor, Digital Split Image helps you manually focus your shot with greater precision. While viewing the split image displayed in the LCD monitor or EVF, you can manually adjust for pinpoint focus, especially helpful when working with an open aperture or macro shooting. Focus Peak Highlight For pinpoint manual focusing highlights high contrast areas of your subject for smoother and more accurate focusing. From the Manufacturer The Joy of Photography —Take Your Passion for Photography to the Next Level Since the age of film photography, the history of FUJIFILM has paralleled the path of the professional photographer. Our story is the endless pursuit of unparalleled photographic expression, and the X series was born. What is the meaning of a camera or photos in your life? Now you can hold the answer to explore the depths these questions. FUJIFILM X. It is the promise of unprecedented photographic pleasure. Pursuit of Image Quality  —Commitment to Uncompromising Image Quality— The high-quality FUJINON lens, the larger sensor, and the processor - each device is the product of our commitment to uncompromising quality in every detail. Each exploits the full potential of the other, achieving an optimum balance that enhances their total performance. This is the FUJIFILM way — a development approach that has produced breakthrough after breakthrough in image quality. FUJIFILM X. It is the promise of ultimate image quality. Exploration of New Angles on Photography —Subject Through the Viewfinder— Experience photography with the viewfinder that incorporates the cutting edge of FUJIFILM technology! Through the viewfinder, your eye finds the freedom to compose your shot in a wide field of view and the luxury of a bright, clear view of the scene. Here is the pleasure of focusing on your subject, and the endless fascination of exploring the scene from every angle. FUJIFILM X Series. It is the promise of discovery of a new world through the viewfinder. Quality & Operability  —The Joy of Sharing Every Moment with Your Camera— The tactile pleasure whenever you hold it and operate the controls. The delight of its styling with a timeless attraction. Your growing attachment to this instrument every time you venture out together. These are qualities that cannot be measured, and the difference is the passion and experience of FUJIFILM. FUJIFILM X. It is the promise of a camera that transcends the definition of a photographic instrument and opens your senses to a world of possibilities. The design of the FUJIFILM X100S prioritizes “photographing” The FUJIFILM X100S employs numbered dials for aperture, shutter speed and exposure compensation and is equipped with a viewfinder that allows you to select your composition. The design of the FUJIFILM X100S resembles the cameras of the film age, and there is wisdom that has been passed down behind it. This gives the FUJIFILM X100S commonality that transcends the ages. The FUJIFILM X100S is designed to enable you to “quickly” capture that moment you wish to document. Optical Design with a Priority on Performance The simple all-glass lens configuration (6 groups/8 elements) is designed around a single high-performance double-sided aspheric lens. Uncompromising image quality is assured by the application of multi-layer HTC-EBC(High Transmittance Electoron Beam Coating) coating and other technologies. The result is perfectly balanced optical excellence promising low aberrations, sharp resolution and faithful color reproduction. New Intelligent Hybrid AF brings your scene into focus in only 0.08 sec*. Equipped with both the super fast phase detection AF system, and contrast AF for accurate focusing in dark scenes, Intelligent Hybrid AF instantly switches to the optimal focusing system. Applying the fastest algorithm depending on the subject and scene, Intelligent Hybrid AF can bring your subject into focus in the blink of an eye — only 0.08 sec*. at its fastest speed so those priceless moments will never escape your lens. Versatile Functions Replicate FUJIFILM's acclaimed color reversal photo films with Film Simulation. Just like choosing the ideal film for your creative direction, this powerful mode lets you simulate the film color and tonal qualities of FUJIFILM's acclaimed color reversal films: the natural look of PROVIA, the dramatic tonality and vivid colors of Velvia, and the soft tones and beautiful skin color reproduction of ASTIA. Faithfully reproducing Fujichrome color quality loved by professional photographers, Film Simulation transforms your vision into masterpieces of color expression. You can also replicate the timeless beauty of monochrome film photography with a selection of monochrome filters. “Studio Ready” Professional Color Negative Film Modes for Perfect Portraits Every detail captured with gentle tonality. Enjoy the exceptional definition of Full HD Movie Shooting! Full HD Movie (1920 x 1080) mode offers 60fps for smoother capture of the action in full high definition detail. Shooting movies at the high bit-rate 36Mbps results in enhanced image quality and clarity that reveals every detail from individual leaves in the trees to subtle changes in facial expression. You can also take advantage of Monochrome and the vivid color expression of other Film Simulation modes, and exploit the brightness of the lens to shoot movies with a stunning “bokeh” effect. 3x Digital Zoom Movie Shooting Just press the Playback Zoom In Button any time while shooting to switch to 3x digital zoom, tripling the lens focal length to 105mm (35mm format equivalent). Leading the way to the ultimate image quality. APS-C 16M X-Trans CMOS II Sensor & EXR Processor II The extreme resolution of FUJIFILM's bespoke APS-C 16M X-Trans CMOS II sensor with OLPF-less architecture. The clarity of the signal achieved by the optimization of every aspect of its processing circuitry. The enhanced image quality produced by the powerful EXR Processor II.