Product Description The ECO550UPS standby green UPS offers complete protection from blackouts, brownouts and transient surges. Supports green energy savings via built-in Eco outlets that automatically power off unused computer accessories like printers or multi-media speakers when the computer is not in use. Full load efficiency rating of 99% also offers energy-savings and cooler operation by limiting UPS power consumption to only 3 watts! The design meets strict RoHS environmental standards. Provides uninterrupted transition to battery-derived AC output during brownouts and power failures with enough runtime to save and shutdown connected equipment without data loss. Offers complete protection in an ultra-compact desktop or wall-mountable housing. Includes 4 battery supported outlets for computer, monitor and two vital system peripheral, plus 4 additional surge suppression-only outlets for accessories not requiring battery support. Three of the surge-only outlets are designated Eco outlets that can be configured to automatically power-off when the computer enters standby mode or is shutdown. USB port enables UPS configuration options and unattended system shutdown without data loss in the case of extended power failure. PowerAlert software is available via Tripp Lite's website at no cost. USB cable included. Built-in single line RJ11 phone suppression protects modem, fax machine, cordless phone or other accessories with a dialup/DSL phone connection. Built-in audible alarm and front panel LEDs offer continuous status information regarding line and battery power operation. 550VA / 300 watt power handling ability supports entry-level PC systems for up to 17 minutes during power fail conditions. From the Manufacturer Efficient and Effective Now you can protect your valuable electronics, save money on your utility bill and be kind to the planet! Tripp Lite?s ECO550UPS standby UPS system is the ideal green solution for complete protection against blackouts, brownouts and power surges. Its 550VA/300-watt power handling capacity supports entry-level PC systems for up to 17 minutes during blackouts. With a power efficiency rating of 99%, the ECO550UPS offers energy savings plus cooler operation by limiting UPS power consumption to less than 3 watts!  The ECO550UPS provides 4 battery-supported outlets for computer, monitor and other vital system peripherals, plus 4 surge suppression-only outlets for accessories not requiring battery support. Three of the surge-only outlets are ECO outlets that can be configured to automatically power off unused computer accessories like printers or multi-media speakers when the computer is not in use. Built-in single-line RJ11 jacks protect a modem, fax machine or phone. One USB port (USB cable included) plus free PowerAlert software (available via Web download) enables unattended system shutdown without data loss in the case of extended power failure. The ECO550UPS comes with $100,000 Ultimate Lifetime Insurance coverage for connected equipment (USA/Canada only) and a 3-year product warranty. Surge Protection, Battery Support, and Energy Savings in One Unit Protect your electronics and save money on electricity Ideal for Protection of Home or Office PCs and Peripherals With reliable battery backup, tel/modem jacks and an HID-compliant USB port, the ECO550UPS offers a complete power protection solution for a wide range of home and office electronics. The ECO550UPS features a split-outlet design with 8 total AC outlets: 4 to provide battery backup support and surge protection for computers, monitors and other critical components; 4 to provide surge protection only for peripherals such as printers and scanners. Energy-Saving Design: Save up to $50 (Insert ECO logo here) The ECO550UPS includes 3 surge-only outlets with ECO capability that can be configured to power down idle peripherals automatically when the computer is not in use. This UPS also features a full-load efficiency rating of 99% that limits UPS power consumption to less than 3 watts with only 4 BTU/hr. of heat output. Thanks to these energy-efficient design features, the ECO550UPS helps to reduce your carbon footprint while providing annual energy savings of up to $50. Reliable Battery Backup UPS battery backup support enables you to work through short power failures, and provides time to save files and perform an orderly system shutdown in case of a prolonged blackout. The ECO550UPS features an internal battery that provides 3.5 min. of battery support for a full load (300 watts), 10 min. for a half-load (150 watts) or 17 min. for a single PC. During normal operation, incoming utility power keeps the UPS battery fully charged so that backup power will always be available if needed. Surge Suppression A sudden power surge or spike can damage or destroy electronic components and wipe out irreplaceable data. The ECO550UPS features a 420-joule surge suppression rating to protect all connected components and the data they contain. EMI/RFI Line Noise Filtering Various electrical and radio sources can cause disruptive interference on the AC line. This line noise is a common cause of incremental hardware damage, data corruption and audio/video performance problems. The ECO550UPS incorporates technology that filters out disruptive line noise, preventing it from affecting your equipment. Signal Line Protection The ECO550UPS includes one set of tel/DSL (RJ11) jacks to protect a standard dialup/DSL phone connection (user supplies RJ11 phone cable). USB Port and Free PowerAlert Software The ECO550UPS features an HID-compliant USB port (USB cable included). Used with Tripp Lite?s free PowerAlert software (available from Tripp Lite as a Web download), this USB port enables safe unattended system shutdown and file saves in the event of a prolonged power failure. The USB port also enables integration with built-in power management and auto shutdown features of Windows and Mac OS X. Environmentally Responsible The ECO550UPS features a green-conscious design that conserves electricity, saves money and reduces CO2 emissions. This UPS system is manufactured in compliance with strict RoHS (Reduction of Hazardous Substances) guidelines to minimize the use of hazardous materials, and its replaceable internal battery is 100% recyclable. Ultimate Peace of Mind The ECO550UPS comes with $100,000 Ultimate Lifetime Insurance coverage for connected equipment (USA/Canada only) and a 3-year product warranty.