Product Description Pelican Protector Cases are made with Copolymer Polypropylene, using an open cell core and solid wall construction, which is stronger and lighter that the completion. You can tell its a Pelican case by the distinctive "twin-ribbed" top surface. Stainless steel pins are used for hinges and handles. The new Double-Throw latches are much easier to open. From the Manufacturer ANATOMY OF A PELICAN CASE Ultimate Equipment Protection For over 30 years Pelican has built a reputation for manufacturing the toughest cases in the world. As a matter of fact, we invented the category. Over these years we've seen our cases used for some fairly crazy activities...and important ones too. Pelican Cases have been thrown out of helicopters in Iraq, floated through frigid fjords in Norway and rolled over by SUVs in Tanzania. With only a few scratches to show on the outside, contents inside are left unscathed. These are minor details for major bragging rights. And that is really what it's all about. Getting your gear from point A to point B in the condition it's meant to be in: intact and functional. Because it might contain a large format camera that will shoot next month's magazine cover or a heart defibrillator that could save a person's life, you can't put a price on it. Stronger by Design Pelican Cases are made with a proprietary combination of homo co-polymers, using an open cell core and solid wall construction, which is stronger and lighter than a solid core wall. Stainless steel pins are used in hinges and handles. Double-Throw Latches Stainless steel hasp protectors are a Pelican exclusive. The Double-Throw latches are smarter and easier to open: it's the classic "C" clamp design with a secondary movement that works like a pry bar to start the release and offers plenty of leverage to open with a light pull. Watertight The secret is the tongue and groove fit with a polymer o-ring acting as a waterproof seal. Nameplate Custom engraved nameplates are available for a nominal fee. Cool Under Pressure Automatic Pressure Equalization Valve releases built-up air pressure while keeping water molecules out, resulting in a watertight case that is even easier to open. Reinforced Padlock Protectors Stainless steel reinforced padlock protectors provide added strength and extra security against cutting and theft. Easy Roller Stainless steel ball bearing wheels last longer and ride smoother. The nylon hub adjacent to the stainless steel is made to resist heat. The result is less wear and tear on the polyurethane wheel.