Product Description The Ultimate Surge Protector commands high performance, with superior power protection for your sensitive home theater equipment. By reducing power line noise and damaging voltage fluctuations, the Belkin 12 Outlet Surge Protector safeguards HDTVs, stereo and satellite systems, Blu ray players, video game consoles, and more. Keep your high end equipment protected, while ensuring the clearest picture and sound possible. SURGE PROTECTION SAFETYIf a surge protector ever becomes hot to the touch, shut off the unit immediately.Never daisy chain power strips to other power strips or extension cordsNever allow a power strip to be exposed to a moist environmentAvoid running too many high energy consuming appliances through a single surge protector at onceHigh energy consuming electronics/appliances include window AC units, space heaters, refrigerators, washers/dryers etc.Only one power strip should be plugged into a single two outlet electrical socketNever cover a surge protector with carpet, furniture, or anything that would limit or prevent air circulationIMPORTANT: The protective components inside surge protectors that absorb over voltage spikes will eventually wear out. From the Manufacturer Safeguard your high-end, home-theater equipment against devastating voltage fluctuations, surges, and spikes with the Belkin Ultimate AV Surge Protector (BV112230-08-BLK). This unit provides protection for up to 12 separate electronic devices, as well as protecting coaxial and telephone connections. Rated to withstand a surge of up to 4,000 joules, the Ultimate AV Surge Protector is ideal for protecting 3D and HDTVs, gaming consoles, Blu-ray players, receivers, and other expensive electronic equipment against damage, while simultaneously ensuring clear picture and sound. Twelve-Outlet AV Surge Protector with 8-Foot Power Cord with Coaxial and Telephone Protection Protects up to twelve high-end electronic devices as well as coaxial and phone lines.View larger. 12 Outlets with 4,000 Joules of Surge Protection The Belkin Ultimate AV Surge Protector allows you to power up to 12 electrical devices using only one AC outlet. It features six large BlockSpace Outlets to accommodate large power adapters without blocking other outlets. Rated to withstand a power surge of up to 4,000 joules, this surge protector uses complete, three-line AC protection and Power Filtering Technology specifically designed to eliminate powerline noise and safeguard your high-end electronic devices. Oversized metal oxide varistors (MOVs) absorb excess electricity for increased protection. In addition, a Surge Protection Indicator lets you know your equipment is protected, while a Not-Grounded Indicator warns you when your outlet is not properly grounded. Coaxial and Telephone Protection The Ultimate AV Surge Protector features protection for coaxial and telephone cables to ensure your data connections are working at peak performance. One-in, one-out coaxial protection safeguards cable and satellite connections for clear picture and sound. One-in, two-out RJ11 telephone/fax protection ensures open and continuous phone-line connections. Heavy-Duty, 8-Foot Power Cord with Low-Profile Plug An 8-foot cord allows you to keep the Ultimate AV Surge Protector in an unobtrusive location while still having plenty of room to reach your devices. The heavy-duty design ensures optimal power flow, while a low-profile plug fits easily in tight spaces and behind furniture. Recessed Power Switch for Easy Reboot The large power switch features a recessed design, safeguarding against accidental shutdowns while making reboots easy. Mountable, Damage-Resistant Housing with Sliding Safety Covers A durable, damage-resistant enclosure protects the Ultimate AV Surge Protector against fire, impact, and rust, as well as preventing dents and scratches. For secure installation, mounting holes allow the protector to be easily attached to walls, baseboards, or furniture. Sliding safety covers keep unwanted debris out of unused plugs and protect your children from harm. Power-Cord Manager A Power-Cord Manager located on the bottom of the surge protector lifts and locks to keep power cords neatly organized, ensuring they stay tangle-free. $250,000 Connected Equipment Warranty Belkin will repair or replace any equipment damaged by a surge, spike, or lightning strike while properly connected to the Ultimate AV Surge Protector, up to $250,000. Any manufacturer defect in the surge protector is covered by a limited lifetime warranty. See complete warranty inside packaging for full details, limitations, and exclusions. What's in the Box Twelve-Outlet AV Surge Protector with 8-Foot Power Cord with Coaxial and Telephone Protection, and instructions.