Product Description Make the most of special occasions with the Canon Powershot ELPH 180 HS Digital Camera. Capture your favorite moments in stunning 720p HD video. Plus, you won't get behind on the action with smart auto selects to find the proper settings. From the Manufacturer: Slim. Stylish. Simple. For those wanting a simple way to capture moments with family, friends and more, the slim, stylish PowerShot ELPH 180 camera has easy-to-use features to help create photos that are as stunning as you want. The 8x Optical Zoom lets you get close to the action, while the 20.0 Megapixel* CCD sensor with DIGIC 4+ Image Processor help produce vibrant, clear images to share or print. Take more than just still images, with the ability to record movies at 720p HD. Do not use organic solvents such as alcohol, benzine, or thinner to clean the product, Operating Temperature:32-104°F / 0-40°C. From the Manufacturer Slim. Stylish. Simple. For those wanting a simple way to capture moments with family, friends and more, the slim, stylish PowerShot ELPH 180 camera has easy-to-use features to help create photos that are as stunning as you want. The 8x Optical Zoom lets you get close to the action, while the 20.0 Megapixel* CCD sensor with DIGIC 4+ Image Processor help produce vibrant, clear images to share or print. Take more than just still images, with the ability to record movies at 720p HD. For added convenience, Smart AUTO figures out suitable settings for what you're photographing so you don't have to worry about finding a picture mode yourself. To help reduce the effects of camera shake, Digital IS helps keep blur to a minimum. On top of that, the Auto Zoom feature can automatically close in on your subject and keep it in focus for easy shooting. * Image processing may cause a decrease in the number of pixels. 8x Optical Zoom with Optical Image Stabilizer helps you capture images with flexibility and ease. The PowerShot ELPH 180 camera features an 8x Optical Zoom so more shots are within your reach. You'll love the flexibility that the wide 28–224mm (35mm equivalent) shooting range offers. Plus, the wide-angle lens captures an expansive image in each shot, adding depth, perspective and grandeur. Landscapes, city scenes, family shots and more benefit from the extra width. Whether you're shooting wide group shots or zooming to the telephoto end, your images will be bright and clear. 20.0 Megapixel* CCD sensor combines with the DIGIC 4+ Image Processor to help deliver stunning image quality 20.0 Megapixel* Sensor With the PowerShot ELPH 180 camera's 20.0 Megapixels* of resolution, your images are rich and clear, with textures and tiny details faithfully reproduced even at the long end of the 8x Optical Zoom. This high level of resolution can be ideal for creating large prints, and allows you the flexibility to blow up and crop any section of an image to express your creativity. DIGIC 4+ Image Processor The PowerShot ELPH 180 camera's DIGIC 4+ Image Processor features accelerated processing speed to create fast, responsive performance, giving you a shooting experience that's easy and natural. The DIGIC 4+ Image Processor also enhances image quality in several ways. Processing of high ISO shots has been shortened by up to 60% compared to the DIGIC 4 Image Processor. This helps significantly reduce noise for brilliant color, smooth gradations and beautiful detail even in low light. The processor's highly efficient design also extends battery life. * Image processing may cause a decrease in the number of pixels. Capture 720p HD video Using the slim PowerShot ELPH 180 camera, you can shoot high-definition video when you want, where you want. With a simple push of the dedicated movie button, you'll be able to quickly record moments in motion. 720p HD video is smooth, vivid and beautifully lifelike, making it an ideal way to capture special memories. Smart AUTO intelligently selects the proper settings based on predefined shooting situations Click here for a larger image Getting that great shot can be as simple as pressing the shutter button on the PowerShot ELPH 180 camera. Smart AUTO automatically detects scenes by assessing various factors in both the background and the subject and analyzes them using 32 predefined shooting situations. The camera then makes optimal settings to help facilitate incredible image capture, whether you're shooting stills or video. With Smart AUTO, all you have to do is frame your shot and capture away. Digital IS helps reduce the effect of camera shake and subject movement Sometimes even the steadiest of hands can move a little, and during night photos or when zoomed in close, even a small shudder can blur a photo. Digital IS on the PowerShot ELPH 180 camera analyzes the image in order to electronically remove blur and fuzzy edges, helping to ensure you get a clear picture. Scene Modes such as Fisheye Effect, Toy Camera Effect and Monochrome provide creative freedom to capture your photos The PowerShot ELPH 180 camera provides shooting modes that can easily give your shots a distinctly artistic feel without the need for any extra lenses and filters. You can make a quirky portrait using the Fisheye Effect or add a beautiful single-tone effect with Monochrome. Toy Camera Effect simulates a vintage look as if capturing the photo using a “toy” or pinhole camera. Smart AUTO The camera automatically selects the best shooting settings for optimal quality based on subjects and environmental factors to provide point-and-shoot simplicity. Program The camera automatically and intelligently selects the aperture/shutter speed combination based on the shooting conditions. Portrait Brings the subject into focus while beautifully blurring the background. Face Self-timer The camera waits for a face to enter the frame before releasing the shutter. Low Light For high-quality image capture in an amazing range of dimly lit situations. Fisheye Effect Now you can get the fisheye effect – a classic photographic distortion – without a fisheye lens. Miniature Effect Give images a miniature look with an effect that emphasizes perspective by blurring the top and bottom of the image. Toy Camera Effect Simulates photos taken with “toy” or pinhole cameras, darkening the image at the edges to create a vignette effect. Monochrome Choose from three single-tone effects Black-and-White, Sepia or Blue. Super Vivid Super Vivid intensifies existing hues, saturating the scene with bright colors. Poster Effect Poster Effect combines several similar shades into one color, turning subtle gradations into eye-catching, scene-popping contrasts. Fireworks Create brilliant images of skyrocketing fireworks. Long Shutter Use to blur moving subjects for artistic effect, ideal for urban night photography. Movie Record video; unwanted scenes can be deleted in playback mode. Actual results may vary from examples shown above. Final image may vary depending on picture composition. Enable the Auto Zoom feature and your camera will automatically zoom in to help frame your subject and help keep it in focus Now, beautifully framed shots using the powerful 8x Optical Zoom are as easy as pressing the Auto Zoom button. With Auto Zoom, the camera automatically determines the correct size and framing by detecting the number of subjects. The system also detects faces that are too small, then zooms in to the proper length. Auto Zoom is a great feature for spontaneous everyday shooting, and especially useful for times when someone else (even a child) is using your camera, for instance at a tourist spot. ECO Mode helps reduce power consumption for longer battery life The PowerShot ELPH 180 camera features ECO Mode to help provide a high number of shots per single charge through LCD monitor and camera power management. The mode can be activated via a dedicated button for easy power preservation when you are out for the day or the moment is too important to put the camera down. ECO Mode quickly wakes the camera from sleep when a button is pressed so you won't miss the moment. Help Button provides simple explanations and easy control of your settings The PowerShot ELPH 180 camera is designed to be fun and easy to use, even for beginners. A Help Button on the camera's exterior brings up the help menu when you need it, right on the LCD screen. From here, you can scroll through a variety of topics that answer your questions with clear explanations, offer helpful shooting advice and show you diagrams highlighting the position of any buttons you'll need.