The Sylvania SDVD7027 7" Portable DVD Player makes it easy to enjoy your favorite DVD movies on the go. The progressive scan DVD player is compatible with a wide range of disc formats, and movies come to life on the 7-inch widescreen swivelling display with a 16:9 aspect ratio. There is a stereo audio output built in that works with any standard 3.5mm headphones or earphones, as well as a built-in speaker so you can play your movie out-loud. An AV output lets you connect the player to a larger external display. USB and SD card compatibility lets you view your digital movies, too. An AC adapter, DC car adapter, remote control, and carrying bag are included. You can mount this onto the back of a car seat, or just enjoy it on your lap. Wherever you chose to use this it will bring you lots of fun!. Portable DVD player features a 7-inch color display that swivels 360 degrees Vivid Swivel Display This portable player offers a vivid 7-inch, TFT color display to watch your DVD collection on. The 16:9 aspect ratio allows you to watch your favorite movies without letterboxing (the black bars at the top and bottom of the screen) or zooming to fit the screen, cutting off part of the shot. The screen swivels 360 degrees for easy visibility. Compatible with a Wide Range of Disc Formats The built-in DVD player can play back both conventionally recorded PAL and NTSC discs as well as recordable disc formats like DVD+/-R and DVD+/-RW. For increased versatility, this player can play various discs besides DVDs, including 8cm and12cm CDs. The player is compatible with recordable CDs (CD-R), and you can even play your digital music burned to a CD-R, allowing you to enjoy your MP3-format files through the player. USB and SD Card Ports Watch your digital movies and listen to your MP3 library direct from a USB flash drive or SD card, thanks to a built-in USB port and SD card reader. Rechargeable Battery The player is powered by a rechargeable Lithium-ion battery for maximum portability. Charge up the player using the included AC power adapter. Carrying Bag Included Carry your player, AC and car chargers, multifunction remote, and earphones with the included carrying bag for easy transport. This package comes with everything you need to enjoy DVDs on the go. Other Features SC, MMC card reader SC, MMC card reader USB connection USB connection Built-in stereo speaker Built-in stereo speaker Built-in rechargeable lithium battery Built-in rechargeable lithium battery Slim style remote control Slim style remote control AV and earphone OUT AV and earphone OUT Carrying bag Carrying bag AC power adapter AC power adapter AV cable AV cable About Sylvania Curtis International Ltd. manufactures and distributes quality, value priced consumer electronic products. Curtis International Ltd. offers a broad range of the latest technology in affordable home electronic products including LCD and LED televisions, DVD and portable DVD systems. Curtis International Ltd. is headquartered in Toronto, Canada, with distribution facilities across North America and Europe.