Product Description WD Scorpio Blue 5400 RPM 2.5-inch SATA hard drives from Western Digital deliver lightning-fast and ultra-quiet performance hand-in-hand with low power consumption. In addition, they are designed with ruggedness, reliability, and data-protection features that actively watch over valuable data. Available in capacities from 160 to 640 GB, these drives feature a 3 Gb/s SATA interface and 8 MB cache. WD Scorpio Blue hard drives are designed for portable digital devices of all kinds, including notebook computers, external storage, and digital media players.WD Advanced Format technology increases media format efficiency, thus enabling larger drive capacities. WD Advanced Format drives are specifically optimized for Mac and the latest Windows operating systems such as Windows Vista and Windows 7. WD Advanced Format drives work with legacy operating systems such as Windows XP but require the use of the free WD Align software. From the Manufacturer WD Scorpio Blue Hard Drives – Big capacity for portable computing. WD Scorpio Blue 2.5-inch SATA hard drives deliver ultra-quiet operation and low power consumption, making them the ideal drive for everyday notebook computing. In addition, these hard drives are designed with ruggedness, reliability, and data-protection features that actively watch over your valuable data. Why you should choose WD Scorpio Blue drives: WD Scorpio Blue SATA drives are the perfect way to add storage for all your photos, videos and files on your notebook computer. Low power consumption. State-of-the-art seeking algorithms and advanced power management features ensure low power consumption and long battery life. Quiet. In a notebook drive, silence is golden. WD's exclusive WhisperDrive technology yields one of the quietest 2.5-inch hard drives on the market. SATA 3 Gb/s interface. The industry standard and most common interface. Ideal for: Notebook computing Notebook computing Small form factor external enclosures Small form factor external enclosures Netbooks Netbooks Features: SATA 3 Gb/s - The industry standard and most common interface. NoTouch ramp load technology - The recording head never touches the disk media ensuring significantly less wear to the recording head and media as well as better drive protection in transit. Rugged - WD's ShockGuard technology protects the drive mechanics and platter surfaces from shocks. Advanced Format (AF) - Technology being adopted by WD and other drive manufacturers to continue growing hard drive capacities. New drives featuring AF are optimized for operation with Windows 7, Windows Vista and Mac OS X Tiger, Leopard, Snow Leopard. For older operating systems such as Windows XP, users must run the free WD Align software utility to achieve the full performance of the drive. Tested for compatibility - We perform tests on hundreds of systems and a multitude of platforms in our FIT Lab and Mobile Compatibility Lab to give our customers confidence that our drives will work in their systems. Upgrading your drive is easy - WD Acronis TrueImage, available as a free download on the WD Support site, enables you to copy all your data to a new drive so you don't have to reinstall your operating system to get all the benefits of a new drive. Note: Bare drive does not include any cables or mounting hardware. The WD advantage - WD puts our products through extensive Functional Integrity Testing (F.I.T.) prior to any product launch. On average, each new product goes through 600,000 hours of testing. WD also has a detailed Knowledge Base with more than 1,000 helpful articles. You can also call toll-free support 7 days per week in the U.S. and Canada. See the WD Support site for full details. WD-certified packaging - All WD drives purchased from Amazon.com are shipped in WD-certified hard drive packaging. It is designed and fully tested to provide WD products with the highest of safety while in transit. With WD-certified packaging, you can rest assured that your WD hard drive will arrive safely, fully protected, in a non-descript, easy-open package. Compatibility Works with Windows 7/Vista/XP/2000 and Mac operating systems. You might also consider: