Product Description At a Glance: High-resolution, 7.0-inch display for vivid detail High-resolution, 7.0-inch display for vivid detail Read e-books, watch movies, play games, browse the web, and more Read e-books, watch movies, play games, browse the web, and more IR blaster allows you to use tablet as universal remote IR blaster allows you to use tablet as universal remote Search TV listings and receive recommendations Search TV listings and receive recommendations Share your tablet with multi-user mode Share your tablet with multi-user mode Switch to Kids Mode for a colorful, easy-to-use interface Switch to Kids Mode for a colorful, easy-to-use interface Rear and front cameras for photos and video chat Rear and front cameras for photos and video chat Add up to 32 GB memory with microSD slot Add up to 32 GB memory with microSD slot Easily multitask with two apps using Multi Window Easily multitask with two apps using Multi Window Lightweight, portable design Lightweight, portable design Crisp, Clear Display for Hours of Immersive Entertainment Brilliant, High-Resolution Display for Exceptional Detail Ideal for reading, playing games, browsing the web, or watching movies, the Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 features a 7.0-inch, 1280x800 resolution screen, so you experience rich graphics, bright colors, and crisp text. Receive Personalized Recommendations with WatchON The WatchON feature lets you type in your zip code and cable provider to browse and search current TV listings and get personalized recommendations based on your viewing history. Functions As a Universal Remote Control The Galaxy Tab 4 has a built-in IR blaster, which allows you to use the tablet as a universal remote control. Customize Your Preferences and Share Your Experiences Share Your Tablet with Multi-User Mode Great for sharing your tablet with family members, multi-user mode lets you add up to eight profiles. This allows up to eight different users to log in separately, so you each see only your own apps, backgrounds, and email. Kids Mode Offers a Child-Friendly Interface Create a separate profile for your kids and switch to Kids Mode--a child-friendly interface that is fun and easy to control. Parents can track the time their kids spend and even set preferences to manage which features their children can access. Built-in Cameras for Photos and Video Chat Equipped with a 3-megapixel rear camera and a 1.3-megapixel front camera, the Galaxy Tab 4 lets you take photos and video chat with friends and family members. Personalize your experience with separate logins. View Larger. Use two apps at once on the same screen. View Larger. Expandable Memory and Easy Multitasking Lightweight, Portable Design At only 0.35 inches thick and weighing .61 pounds, the Galaxy Tab 4 is comfortable to hold and convenient to take with you wherever you go. Expandable Memory to Store Photos, Music, and Videos The tablet offers 8 GB of onboard memory and includes a microSD card slot that allows you to add up to 32 GB of additional memory, making it easy to store more songs, videos, photos, and games. Use Two Applications at Once With the Multi Window feature, you can place two applications side by side and drag content from one app to the other. You can even open the same app twice, which is handy if you're writing two email messages or want to reference two websites side by side. Free Content with Galaxy Perks Comes with Sirius XM, Dropbox Storage, and More With Galaxy Perks you'll receive free content and services, including three months of SiriusXM Internet Radio for new users, three audiobooks from Audible for new users, 50 GB of Dropbox space, and more. What's in the Box Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 7.0, USB charging cable, wall adapter, and quick start guide. Take photos with a 3-megapixel rear camera. View Larger. Amazon.com