Product Description Boasting ultra-smooth visual playback, the 27-Inch VS278Q-P Full HD LED monitor delivers crisp, clear visuals for both the home and the office.  For added convenience, it’s VESA mountable to neatly place on a wall and has a built-in power brick while still remaining slim. Featuring Full HD quality visuals and with an energy-saving LED-backlit display, the VS278Q-P is the ideal monitor for any task at hand. From the Manufacturer Productivity Class VS Series Slim LED Monitors Make What You See, Amazing If you're looking for some serious business monitors, then get a monitor that's made for it. VS series monitors are built from the ground up to be used in the office environment with embedded power adapters into the design while still remaining slim and stylish. For added convenience, these monitors are VESA compatible, so you can neatly place it on a wall. VS monitors deliver Full HD quality visuals and are LED backlit delivering brighter displays than non-LED backlit monitors. With an ultra-fast 1ms response time, enjoy smooth motion playback for videos and movies. The first monitors to be featured in the renowned Corporate Stable Model (CSM) program, VS monitors are guaranteed in stable supply for a minimum of one year so you can order the same model without worry of it being discontinued and, with the included advanced swap replacement service, saving you time should the unit require servicing. These monitors are EPEAT Gold and ENERGY STAR certified to reduce environmental impact and save on energy costs. Learn More View larger ASUS Smart Contrast Ratio (ASCR) is a dynamic contrast ratio that measures how dark a screen can get. With high dynamic contrast ratios of 50,000,000:1, ASCR delivers a more defined image especially while watching night scenes in movies, playing games, or giving presentations. View larger ASUS Splendid Video Intelligence Technology, or Splendid for short, is a quick image setting selectable through buttons on the monitor. Featuring different scenario settings ranging from game to scenario modes, choose your preferred one for your task at hand. View larger Featuring the latest in display technology, connect to your devices with an assortment of options. More inputs give you more options for customizing your PC setup like setting up multiple displays. HDMI connectivity delivers both high-definition audio and video in one streamlined cord to external monitors, projectors, and compatible TVs. ASUS Monitor Series VB VK VW VE VH VS PA VG Panel Sizes 17" - 22" X X X X X 23" - 25" X X X X X X 27" X X X Built-in Speakers X X X* X* X* Slim Design X Picture-in-Picture X X* X Webcam X HDMI X X* X* X* X* X X DisplayPort X X* X X 3D Ready X IPS Panel X* X *Select Models Key Features Full HD displays for amazing high-definition visual clarity (Learn more) Full HD displays for amazing high-definition visual clarity ( Learn more ) 1ms response times for smooth motion playback 1ms response times for smooth motion playback LED backlit for energy-efficient operation and brighter luminance LED backlit for energy-efficient operation and brighter luminance Built-in power adapters for space-saving yet still slim design Built-in power adapters for space-saving yet still slim design 80,000,000:1 ASUS Smart Contrast Ratio for more defined images in dark colors (Learn more) 80,000,000:1 ASUS Smart Contrast Ratio for more defined images in dark colors ( Learn more ) Advanced connectivity for convenient ways to connect your PCs and notebooks (Learn more) Advanced connectivity for convenient ways to connect your PCs and notebooks ( Learn more ) Splendid Video Intelligence Technology quick image presets for your preferred task at hand (Learn more) Splendid Video Intelligence Technology quick image presets for your preferred task at hand ( Learn more ) Corporate Stable Model certified for one year guaranteed supply (Learn more) Corporate Stable Model certified for one year guaranteed supply ( Learn more ) ASUS Rapid Replacement service for quick product replacement should a unit be sent for repair (Learn more) ASUS Rapid Replacement service for quick product replacement should a unit be sent for repair ( Learn more ) Should something happen to your ASUS monitor, rest assured, you're covered with a 3-year system and panel warranty to protect it from the unfortunate. For even greater convenience, one-of-a-kind ASUS Rapid Replacement cross-shipping sends you a replacement unit as soon as the defective unit is in the mail—shortening your waiting time.