Product Description From a tin shed to inside your head, Paul W. Klipsch’s award-winning sound lives on in our Image S4 headphones. Put the concert in your cranium with the S4’s powerful coil drivers, whose wide frequency range allows you to experience everything from soul-thumping bass to spine tingling highs. The S4’s superior noise-isolating design allows you to seal in the sound, while our patented oval ear tips (available in 4 sizes) keep you rocking in comfort. Unlike traditional, circular-shaped ear tips which don't fit properly, the Image S4 headphone utilizes a patented oval ear tip design making them virtually impossible to feel and perfect for long-term wear. The oval ear tip creates a perfect seal resulting in superior noise isolation, blocking out almost all ambient noise and providing excellent bass. With Klipsch Image S4 headphones, your plane rides, commutes and workouts will be a private and enjoyable experience every time you plug in. The Image S4 utilizes our renowned duel magnet driver technology to deliver strikingly realistic sound and cover a wide frequency range with dynamic detail. With award-winning acoustics and jaw-dropping bass response, the Image S4’s bring the concert experience to you, wherever, whenever. The Image S4 works with virtually any device with a standard 3.5mm headphone jack. Prepare to plug in and rock out! From the Manufacturer Klipsch Image S4 (II) Black In-Ear Headphones From a tin shed to inside your head, Paul W. Klipsch’s award-winning sound lives on in our Image S4 headphones. Put the concert in your cranium with the S4’s powerful coil drivers, whose wide frequency range allows you to experience everything from soul-thumping bass to spine tingling highs. The S4’s superior noise-isolating design allows you to seal in the sound, while our patented oval ear tips (available in 4 sizes) keep you rocking in comfort. Experience What Legends are Made of When he founded Klipsch in a tiny tin shed in Hope, Arkansas in 1946, American audio pioneer Paul W. Klipsch had an unyielding desire to channel live sound directly into the ears of listeners everywhere. He stopped at nothing and defied convention giving rise to his legendary Klipschorn loudspeaker. Today, PWK's passion and principles still grace every product we make. Enjoy your Klipsch headphones for their flat frequency response, controlled directivity, low distortion, high-efficiency and, as our founder intended, for their ability to connect you with your favorite music. The Image S4 utilizes our renowned duel magnet driver technology to deliver strikingly realistic sound and cover a wide frequency range with dynamic detail. With award-winning acoustics and jaw-dropping bass response, the Image S4’s bring the concert experience to you, wherever, whenever. Live the Music It doesn’t matter how great a pair of headphones sound if they are painful to wear. Unlike traditional, circular-shaped ear tips which don't fit properly, the Image S4 headphone utilizes a patented oval ear tip design making them virtually impossible to feel and perfect for long-term wear. The oval ear tip creates a perfect seal resulting in superior noise isolation, blocking out almost all ambient noise and providing excellent bass. With Klipsch Image S4 headphones, your plane rides, commutes and workouts will be a private and enjoyable experience every time you plug in. You Are The Venue The Image S4 works with virtually any device with a standard 3.5mm headphone jack. Prepare to plug in and rock out! Long May You Rock The concert goes deep into the night with the Image S4 because Klipsch has gone that extra mile to ensure the durability of the S4. With information gathered from customers and extensive real world testing, Klipsch has enhanced the durability of the S4 with added strength to critical points along the body and cables, ensuring that, from top to bottom, you are receiving a product that can handle whatever is thrown at it. The S4’s new tangle-resistant cables allow you to never have to worry about untangling your headphones after you take them out of your pocket. You are free to play your music!  Armed with one of the best warranty programs in the industry, with a 2-year replacement policy on all headphone products as opposed to the 1-year offered by many competitors, you can take comfort that your Klipsch headphones will keep the music going as long as you do! Front Stage Pass Just like a VIP at a concert, you get a bevy of extras with the Image S4 headphone including four pairs of different-sized patented oval ear tips and a protective carrying case. Available in black or white, the S4 also includes a 2-year warranty so you can rest assured that your Klipsch headphones will provide years of listening enjoyment.