Product Description The Fuji FinePix S8200 Digital Camera features something for everyone. Highly regarded for its high precision FUJINON lens, simplicity and compact design, this all-in-one camera is an excellent choice for any keen photographer looking for a little extra performance and feature. An incredibly long 40x optical zoom lens is built into the S8200's design, giving a 35mm-equivalent focal length range of 24-960mm. This range can be effectively doubled through the use of Intelligent Digital Zoom, and a lens-shift image stabilization system benefits shooting at such magnifications by reducing the appearance of camera shake. Full HD 1080i video capabilities are supported at a frame rate of 60fps. Plus both a rear 3.0-inch 460k-dot LCD monitor and 201k-dot electronic viewfinder are available for monitoring and image review. From the Manufacturer High sensitivity, high resolution CMOS sensor with 40x zoom Great for people that want the features and flexibility of a DSLR outfit but without the weight and hassle. Fujinon 40x Optical Zoom (24mm-960mm)* & Super Macro FUJINON zoom lenses with fast apertures of f/2.9 to f/6.5 With 17 elements in 12 groups, the lens combines aspherical and ED elements to good effect for reduced aberration and superior image quality. With Super-Macro Mode capturing subjects as close as 1cm from the lens, the FinePix S8200 seamlessly covers an enormous focal range with no need to ever change lenses. Feature 2High Performance Shooting Function Electronic Viewfinder The FinePix S8200 offers the flexibility of framing your shots through the crisp, clear electronic viewfinder. In addition to en-hanced visibility in bright daylight, the bright EVF accommodates a traditional shooting style, making it easy to steady the camera, even when shooting with the 40x zoom fully extended. Side-lever zoom control You adjust zoom with your left hand while the index finger of your right hand rests on the shutter button, ready to take the shot and choose from three zoom speeds or use “auto back zoom” for long zoom photography. Versatile Shooting Modes P / S / A / M / Mode dials In addition to a wide range of shooting modes, the FinePix S8200 offers a selection of versatile scene positions that ensure optimum results no matter what the scene. Advanced Filter A selection of 6 special filters lets you create distinctive photo effects. Filter effects can be verified on the LCD monitor to ensure you get exactly the results you're shooting for. Motion Panorama 360 Just sweep the camera right-left or up-down to shoot giant panoramas up to 360°. When you view the panorama playing back on your camera or personal computer, you can enjoy a seamless panorama image with both ends stitched together to create a “cylinder” view. 3D Shooting with "Individual Shutter 3D" Two exposures of the same scene are saved in Multi-Picture Format (MPO) to create convincing images that appear to have been shot in real 3D. An overlapping guide on the LCD screen provides assistance for positioning the exposures, making it easy for anyone to create impressive 3D effects. And FUJIFILM's proprietary high-resolution 3D print system produces natural, beautiful 3D prints from images captured with the FinePix S8200 / 8300 / 8400 / 8500. Dynamic Range (HDR) This mode uses Multi Frame technology to capture three consecutive photos shot at high speed-under-exposed, normal exposure, and over-exposed. The three images are then layered to an optimum balance of detail in shadow and highlights, eliminating "blackout" or "washout" and producing pleasing, natural gradations. Zoom Bracketing Mode Enables three shots to be taken at the single press of the button, at varying degrees of magnification (original, 1.4x and 2.0x). This enables instant editing on the camera to choose the ideal shot, rather than having to go back to a PC to facilitate a digital crop. Natural Light & with Flash Can't decide whether it's best to use flash? Choose this mode, press the shutter and automatically capture the same scene twice: once with high sensitivity and natural light, and the second time with Intelligent Flash. Later choose one or keep both! Face Tracking Auto Focus Face Detection couples with Tracking Auto Focus for new ways of capturing great people pictures, even when those people won't stop moving. Face Detection optimizes focus and exposure to ensure bright, clear faces, while Tracking Auto Focus maintains sharp focus on moving subjects. The result is attractively exposed, well-focused photos. Face Detection Face Detection optimizes people pictures by detecting faces and adjusting focus and exposure to ensure bright, clear results. Red-eye Removal in Detected Faces Red-eye removal automatically detects and corrects flash reflection for a perfect end result. Instantly Detect up to 10 Faces! The Face Detection can simultaneously recognizes up to 10 faces in a photo. Share your group portraits using the zoom up function in playbacks, checking each detected face. Each priceless expression can be cropped and saved in clear high resolution results. Share your images with built in social networking Don't wait until you get home to start choosing which pictures to upload to FACEBOOK. Start the process in camera by tagging the pictures you want to share. The next time you connect to your home computer your images will upload automatically. The same goes for movie clips too, which can also be uploaded to YouTube™. Easy Web Uploading to YouTube™ and FACEBOOK via MyFinePix Studio It's as easy as one, two, three. Shoot pictures and tag them for upload to your FACEBOOK profile page or YouTube™ account. Upload When the FinePix S8200 is connected to a PC, the marked images are uploaded to the designated site, eliminating the need for time-consuming PC-based image processing or selection. MyFinePix Studio Automatically Searches for New Images to Upload for You MyFinePix Studio detects new images to upload. When finding new image to upload, the uploader starts automatically.