The professional standard in creative pen tablets Wacom Intuits Pro sets a new standard for professional pen tablets. The new Wacom Pro Pen 2 features impressive pressure sensitivity, tilt response and virtually lag free tracking. Get natural creative control while you illustrate, edit or design digitally with Intuits Pro. Paper to digital workflow Some artists and designers work only digitally, while others start on paper. The new Intuits Pro line lets you do both. For all digital work, choose the standard Intuits Pro. To sketch on paper and refine digitally, select the revolutionary Intuits Pro Paper Edition. The Paper Edition combines the Intuits Pro tablet with a detachable Paper Clip and Fine tip Pen. Clip your drawing paper on the tablet and sketch. While you sketch on paper, an editable version is captured and stored on the tablet. You don't need to be online or connected to a computer when you are sketching, so work anywhere, anytime. If you need to immediately share your sketches with others, Wacom Intuits Pro Paper Edition connects to your iOS or Android device over Bluetooth LE. The version of Wacom Ink space app (available from February 2017 on) will let you view, export and share right away. Connect Intuits Pro Paper Edition to your computer whenever you choose. Ink space syncs, stores and exports your sketches in creative file formats. Then fine tune your work with the Intuits Pro tablet, Wacom Pro Pen 2 and your favorite creative software on Mac or PC. Individualize your digital workplace Customizable Express Keys, Touch Ring, Radial Menus and pen side switches provide easy shortcuts. Multi touch surface lets you zoom, pan and navigate. Three different Texture Sheets (from smooth to rough) personalize your tablet surface feel. Sold separately Slim and Compact Intuits Pro is super slim and compact. The included Wacom Pro Pen 2 has interchangeable pen tips. A beautiful new pen stand and a protective accessory soft case for your paper clip, pens and nibs are included. Connect to your PC or Mac with built in Wireless Bluetooth or a USB cable. Offered with paper edition models even more creative options the standard intuits pro and the paper edition are available in medium and large sizes. Accessories (sold separately): Ballpoint Pen, Fine tip Pen, Pencil (available mid 2017), Texture Sheets, Soft Cases, Pen Nibs, and Refills.