From the Manufacturer My Book Studio - All metal. Fast and secure. My Book Studio desktop hard drive features blazing-fast SuperSpeed USB 3.0 connectivity and a cool to the touch aluminum enclosure that looks great on your Mac desktop. It's formatted for Mac and compatible with Apple Time Machine making backups quick and easy. Videographers, photographers, video editors and other graphic professionals will love this fast, beautiful drive. Ultra-fast USB 3.0 connectivity. With the blazing-fast speed of USB 3.0 connectivity, this drive lets you access and save files in record time. Reduce transfer time by up to 3 times when connected to a USB 3.0 port. Performance may vary based on user's hardware and system configuration. All metal. Mac-ready. The premium aluminum enclosure complements your Mac computer and remains cool to the touch. It's formatted to work with your Mac right out of the box and is ideal for demanding graphics professionals. Password protection secures your drive. Use WD Security to set password protection and hardware encryption and protect your files from unauthorized use or access. Ultra-fast transfer rates - When connected to a USB 3.0 port My Book Studio lets you access and save files in blazing speed. Reduce transfer time by up to 3 times when compared to USB 2.0 transfer rates.**Performance may vary based on user's hardware and system configuration. USB 3.0 and USB 2.0 compatibility - With this single drive you get compatibility with your USB 2.0 devices today and the ultra-fast speed of USB 3.0 when you're ready to step up to the next generation. Massive capacity - With up to 4 TB capacity, My Book Studio offers enough room to safely store all the chapters of your creative life. Heat-dissipating, aluminum enclosure - The durable anodized aluminum enclosure is the perfect complement to your MacBook Air or MacBook Pro. Ultra-fast transfer rates - Back up your files quickly and easily with Apple Time Machine. HFS+ Journaled - Works right out of the box with Mac OS X 10.5 or later operating systems. Can be reformatted for Windows operating systems. WD Security - Customize your backup, set drive security, run diagnostics, manage the power settings, and more from the WD SmartWare control center. WD Drive Utilities - Register your drive, set drive timer, run diagnostics and more using WD Drive Utilities. Ideal for Adding extra storage for your videos, music, photos, and files Adding extra storage for your videos, music, photos, and files Backing up your files with Apple Time Machine Backing up your files with Apple Time Machine Securing your files from unauthorized access with password protection and hardware encryption Securing your files from unauthorized access with password protection and hardware encryption Complementing the look of your Mac computer Complementing the look of your Mac computer What's in the box Desktop hard drive, USB cable, WD Security, WD Drive Utilities, Quick Install Guide. Compatibility Formatted HFS+ journaled for Mac OS 10.5 or later operating systems Formatted HFS+ journaled for Mac OS 10.5 or later operating systems Requires reformatting for Windows operating system Note: Compatibility may vary depending on user's hardware configuration and operating system. Requires reformatting for Windows operating system Note: Compatibility may vary depending on user's hardware configuration and operating system. Features at a glance Blazing-fast USB 3.0 connectivity Blazing-fast USB 3.0 connectivity Cool-to-the-touch aluminum enclosure Cool-to-the-touch aluminum enclosure Compatible with Apple Time Machine Compatible with Apple Time Machine Password protection and hardware encryption Password protection and hardware encryption For more great WD products, visit the Western Digital Store at Amazon.com External StorageComparison Chart Storage with backup Premium storage with backup Storage with Thunderbolt technology My Passport for Mac My Book for Mac My Passport Edge for Mac My Passport Studio My Book Studio My Book Thunderbolt Duo My Book VelociRaptor Duo Ultra-fast portable storage for Mac. Fast. Reliable. Secure. Ultra-slim. All metal.Mac-ready. Precision metal. Professional power. All metal. Fast and secure. Peak performance for creative professionals. Extreme speed and capacity. Interface USB 3.0 USB 3.0, USB 2.0 USB 3.0, USB 2.0 FireWire 800, USB 2.0 USB 3.0 , USB 2.0 Thunderbolt (x2) Thunderbolt (x2) Capacity range 500 GB - 2 TB 2 TB - 3 TB 500 GB 500 GB - 2 TB 1 TB - 4 TB 4 TB - 8 TB 2 TB All metal enclosure Compatible with Apple Time Machine Password protection and hardware encryption 10,000 RPM drives Portable form factor RAID 0/1 0/1 Mac ready