The Bose Smart Soundbar 300 delivers spacious sound, exceptional clarity, and rich bass, which makes it the perfect soundbar for TV, movies, music, games, and more. Under the sleek and elegant exterior, five full-range drivers provide wide and clear sound performance, while a custom-designed chip automatically analyzes your content and tunes your soundbar accordingly. And proprietary QuietPort technology virtually eliminates any unwanted noise and distortion for deeper bass. Built-in Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant make it easy to love this smart soundbar. Check the weather, manage your day, or listen to your favorite playlist — instantly with just your voice. And exclusive Bose Voice4Video technology expands your Alexa capabilities for more advanced voice control than any other smart soundbar. What used to take several steps is now just one simple voice command. Simply say, “Alexa, watch channel 23,” to turn on your TV and wireless soundbar and jump right to your favorite show — all at once. The Bose Smart Soundbar 300 is part of the Bose Smart Family, which can be paired together for Multiroom listening. Plus with Bose SimpleSync technology, you can also pair your Bose Smart Soundbar 300 with your Bose Headphones 700 or select Bose Bluetooth speakers. And with Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Apple AirPlay 2, and Spotify Connect compatibility, you can wirelessly stream your favorite music services or play any audio from your device on this Bluetooth soundbar. Measuring just over 2" tall, this Bluetooth soundbar sits low in front of your TV or can be wall mounted. And it’s easy to set up via a connection from an optical audio cable (included) or an HDMI ARC cable (sold separately). When connected via an HDMI ARC cable, your current TV remote can still control the volume. Once plugged in, the Bose Music app will walk you through the rest.And there’s more when you’re ready. Expand your system any time by adding a wireless subwoofer to your wireless soundbar for more heart-pumping bass or wireless surround speakers for more cinematic sound. The Bose Smart Soundbar 300 is compatible with the Bose Bass Module 500 and 700, the Bose Surround Speakers, and the Bose Surround Speakers 700.