Product Description Canon PowerShot SX410 IS 20 Megapixel Compact Camera - Red 0108C001 Digital Cameras Canon PowerShot SX410 IS 20 Megapixel Compact Camera - Red 0108C001 Digital Cameras From the Manufacturer Amazing Results are Never Too Far Away The PowerShot SX410 IS camera is packed with advanced Canon technologies that make it easy to capture your best images ever. The camera's powerful 40x Optical Zoom (24–960mm) and 24mm Wide-Angle lens gives you amazing versatility: you'll capture wide landscapes and zoom in for impressive close-ups you never thought possible – all with bright, clear quality thanks to Canon's Optical Image Stabilizer and Intelligent IS. The 20.0 Megapixel* sensor and Canon DIGIC 4+ Image Processor help create crisp resolution and beautiful, natural images. Your videos will impress too: simply press the Movie button to record lifelike 720p HD video – even zoom in and out while shooting. Images you'll want to keep and share are easy to achieve with Smart AUTO that intelligently selects proper camera settings so your images and video look great in all kinds of situations. You'll get creative with fun Scene Modes like Fisheye Effect, Toy Camera Effect and Monochrome, and see and share it all with the camera's big, clear 3.0" LCD with a wide viewing angle. For versatility and value, the PowerShot SX410 IS camera is a best bet!  * Image processing may cause a decrease in the number of pixels. Extend Your Reach 40x Optical Zoom and 24mm Wide-Angle Lens Once you start shooting with PowerShot SX410 IS camera, you'll quickly wonder how you ever did without the versatility of its powerful zoom lens. The 40x Optical Zoom lens has a reach all the way from 24mm to 960mm, so if you're capturing a child on stage from the back of the auditorium, you'll see her every expression. The Wide-Angle lens just as easily delivers superb landscapes and large group portraits. The Optical Image Stabilizer helps ensure you get clear, noise-free images, even at the long end of the zoom. Intelligent IS It's easy to capture clear, steady images with PowerShot cameras, even in low light without using a tripod. That's because the camera is equipped with Canon's innovative Intelligent IS. The system automatically analyzes camera movement and applies the best shake correction method for the shooting situation – allowing you to focus on framing and capturing your shot. For stills, the system selects from Normal IS, Panning IS, Macro (Hybrid) IS and Tripod modes. When shooting video, the system selects from Dynamic IS, Powered IS, Macro (Hybrid) IS and Active Tripod IS modes. New icons clearly mark the image stabilization mode, whether you're shooting still images or video. Still Image Shooting Normal IS Corrects for a wide range of camera movement when shooting stills. Panning IS Panning motion is detected so that IS does not interfere with desired camera movement. Macro (Hybrid) IS Corrects for shift-type camera shake, which typically occurs in macro (close-up) shooting. Tripod When tripod use is detected, the Image Stabilizer is stopped because it is not needed. Video Recording Dynamic Effective for video shooting at wide-angle focal lengths, helping to eliminate the unwanted shaking that typically occurs while walking. Powered Compensates for hand movement when shooting video at the telephoto end of the zoom range, where camera shake is magnified. Macro (Hybrid) IS Corrects for motion blur that is likely to occur when shooting video while walking. Also compensates for the shift-type camera shake common in macro shooting. Active Tripod IS When shooting video while using a tripod, the image stabilization is active to compensate for slight camera shake. Powerful Core Specs Deliver Beautiful Images 20.0 Megapixel* Image Sensor The PowerShot SX410 IS camera's 20.0 Megapixel* CCD sensor delivers impressive photos with fine detail and brilliant color. The high resolution helps provide superb image quality even when cropping or making very large prints.  * Image processing may cause a decrease in the number of pixels. DIGIC 4+ Image Processor The Canon DIGIC 4+ Image Processor powers the PowerShot SX410 IS camera's advanced functions and capabilities. Its accelerated processing speed creates fast, responsive performance, for a shooting experience that's easy and natural. The DIGIC 4+ Image Processor also enhances image quality: processing of high ISO shots has been shortened by approximately 60% compared to the DIGIC 4 Image Processor. This significantly reduces noise for brilliant color, smooth gradations, and beautiful detail even in low light. The processor's highly efficient design also extends battery life. Preserve and Share Your Memories in HD Canon HD Video Advantage The PowerShot SX410 IS camera lets you record highly detailed 720p HD video at up to 25 frames per second with clear sound. Imagine the fun and excitement of being able to shoot high definition video whenever you want, right from your compact digital camera. Dedicated movie button, Wind Filter feature and Optical Zoom while shooting The PowerShot SX410 IS camera has a dedicated movie button that lets you start and stop recording instantly. The camera is always ready to shoot stills or video whenever you want. The camera also incorporates an electronic wind filter, which helps suppress wind noise that can muffle or distort the sound. You can even use the camera's full range of optical zoom when you're shooting a video without sacrificing HD video resolution. A Smarter Camera Means Better Photos and Videos Smart AUTO Smart AUTO is a sophisticated Canon technology that makes getting that great shot as simple as pressing the shutter button. It automatically detects scenes by assessing various factors in both the background and the subject. Detected scenes are analyzed using predefined shooting situations*. The camera then makes optimal settings to help facilitate the best possible image capture, whether you're shooting stills or video. With Smart AUTO, all you have to do is frame your shot and capture away.  * 32 predefined shooting situations for still images, and 21 predefined shooting situations for videos. Shooting Modes PowerShot cameras offer shooting modes that make it easy to take impressive photos in a wide range of shooting situations by providing intelligent presets with optimized settings. Program Access advanced exposure compensation features while shooting mostly automatically. Live View Control Enables Brightness, Color, and Tone adjustments to your images using easy-to-understand controls. Smart AUTO The camera automatically selects the best shooting settings for optimal quality based on subjects and environmental factors to provide point-and-shoot simplicity. Portrait The camera sets a large aperture, focusing on the subject and artistically blurring the background to make your subject “pop.” Face Self-timer The camera waits for a face to enter the frame before releasing the shutter. Low Light For high quality image capture in an amazing range of dimly lit situations. Creative Filters This setting provides easy access to special filter effects and scene modes, such as Toy Camera Effect, Poster Effect, Monochrome and more. Fisheye Effect Add a classic photo distortion without a fisheye lens. Miniature Effect for Movies & Stills Emphasizes perspectives for a miniature effect by blurring upper and lower portions of the image. Toy Camera Effect Simulates photos taken with “toy” or pinhole cameras, darkening the image at the edges to create a vignette effect. Monochrome Choose from three single-tone effects: Black-and-White, Sepia, or Blue. Super Vivid Super Vivid intensifies existing hues, saturating the scene with bright colors. Poster Effect Poster Effect combines several similar shades into one color, turning subtle gradations into eye-catching, scene-popping contrasts. Snow Shoot clear snow scenes without darkened subjects or an unnatural bluish tint. Fireworks Grab brilliant images of skyrocketing fireworks. Long Shutter Use to blur moving subjects for artistic effect, ideal for urban night photography. Movie Record video in monaural sound. Unwanted scenes can be deleted in playback mode. Actual results may vary from examples shown above. Final image may vary depending on picture composition. More Ways to Get Creative Creative Shooting Modes The PowerShot SX410 IS camera provides shooting modes that easily give your shots a distinctly artistic feel without the need for any extra lenses and filters. Super Vivid heightens and saturates colors for eye-popping intensity. Poster Effect eliminates gradations between colors for an illustrative feel. Miniature Effect enhances perspective in a scene, blurring the top and bottom to make it look as if it were created with miniature models. You can also make a quirky portrait using the Fisheye Effect or add a beautiful single-tone effect with Monochrome. Toy Camera Effect simulates a vintage look as if capturing the photo using a "toy" or pinhole camera. See What You're Shooting on a Clear, Big Screen Large 3.0-inch LCD screen Easy to see from a wide angle, the camera's 3.0-inch LCD screen with a great resolution of approximately 230,000 dots gives you the big picture, whether you're shooting, reviewing or showing off your images. This high-resolution screen offers a crisp, clear picture to make shooting, playback and using the camera's menu functions especially convenient. A Charge that Lasts as Long as Memory ECO mode The PowerShot SX410 IS camera features ECO Mode to provide more shots per single charge through LCD monitor and camera power management. The mode can be activated via a dedicated button for easy power preservation when an outlet is unavailable or the moment is too exciting to put the camera down. ECO Mode quickly wakes the camera from sleep when a button is pressed so you won't miss the moment. When the fun with family and friends runs late into the evening, ECO Mode helps makes sure your camera keeps up. Additional Features Secure Grip Canon developed an innovative grip for the PowerShot SX410 IS, optimized specifically for the camera's powerful zooming capability. The invitingly curved grip fits effortlessly into your hand. Without any strain, your fingers comfortably and naturally reach the shutter, helping to minimize the potential for shake at long zoom lengths.