Product Description Type in total comfort with the split ergonomic design of the Natural Ergonomic Keyboard 4000, which encourages natural hand, wrist and forearm positioning. From the Manufacturer Microsoft Natural Ergonomic Keyboard 4000 for Business Advanced ergonomic design Make the Move to Superior Comfort with this Breakthrough Keyboard Design Place your hands and arms naturally and comfortably with the Microsoft Natural Ergonomic Keyboard 4000. The improved split design encourages a more natural hand, wrist, and forearm position and its new curved key layout makes keys easier to reach. The Zoom Slider lets you zoom in for close-ups of Web pages, images, and more — with just the touch of a finger. And 5 customizable “My Favorites” keys give you instant access to the folders, files, and Web pages you use most. Key Features Zoom - Get a closer look quickly and accurately with the intuitive Zoom Slider. Zoom - Get a closer look quickly and accurately with the intuitive Zoom Slider. Customizable Hot Keys - Perform common tasks, like opening documents and replying to email messages, with the touch of a button. Customizable Hot Keys - Perform common tasks, like opening documents and replying to email messages, with the touch of a button. Improved Number Pad - Quickly reach for commonly used symbols, such as equal sign, parentheses, and "Backspace." They are now located just above the number pad. Improved Number Pad - Quickly reach for commonly used symbols, such as equal sign, parentheses, and "Backspace." They are now located just above the number pad. Ergonomic Design - Type in total comfort-ergonomic design encourages natural wrist and arm alignment so you can work without discomfort. Ergonomic Design - Type in total comfort-ergonomic design encourages natural wrist and arm alignment so you can work without discomfort. Product Details Device Stage - Quickly and easily access common tasks, including product information, registration, settings, and more for popular devices such as cell phones, cameras, printers, and mouse, keyboard, and webcam products. Device Stage - Quickly and easily access common tasks, including product information, registration, settings, and more for popular devices such as cell phones, cameras, printers, and mouse, keyboard, and webcam products. Taskbar Favorites - Easily access programs in the taskbar with convenient keyboard hot keys. The keys automatically adapt to the new location of applications that have been rearranged by dragging. Taskbar Favorites - Easily access programs in the taskbar with convenient keyboard hot keys. The keys automatically adapt to the new location of applications that have been rearranged by dragging. Email and Internet Hot Keys - Touch a button to quickly access your email application and the Internet. Email and Internet Hot Keys - Touch a button to quickly access your email application and the Internet. Multimedia Keys - Quickly and easily access and control all of your media from your keyboard. Multimedia Keys - Quickly and easily access and control all of your media from your keyboard. Lockable F Key - Lock your F keys to avoid engaging them unintentionally. Lockable F Key - Lock your F keys to avoid engaging them unintentionally. Integrated Palm Rest - Get better support with this plush, integrated palm rest. Integrated Palm Rest - Get better support with this plush, integrated palm rest. Cutting-Edge Design - Whether you're at work or play, improve your performance with cutting-edge Microsoft design. Cutting-Edge Design - Whether you're at work or play, improve your performance with cutting-edge Microsoft design. System Requirements Computer/Operating System Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows Vista, Windows XP (excluding Windows XP 64-bit) Computer/Operating System Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows Vista, Windows XP (excluding Windows XP 64-bit) Hard Drive 100 MB Hard Drive 100 MB Other USB Port Other USB Port