Product Description What this product does the TL-R470T+ load balance broadband Router is a wise choice for small business. It brings you high return on investment with low overhead. Featuring three changeable WAN/LAN ports, TL-R470T+ supports up to 4 WAN ports, which can satisfy various Internet access requirements through one device. TL-R470T+ integrates multiple load balancing strategies, advanced QoS and strong firewall to provide you with consistent network uptime and reliable Ethernet connectivity. Moreover, it is easy to manage the TL-R470T+ via a web-based utility, which makes building and managing your network more convenient. three changeable WAN/LAN ports the TL-R470T+ features three changeable ports that can be set to either LAN or WAN, allowing the router to support up to four WAN ports to satisfy various Internet access requirements through one device. The router also has an integrated Smart load balancing function which automatically selects the most efficient line according to load and bandwidth requirements, providing users with consistent network uptime and reliable Ethernet connectivity. abundant security features for Defense against external threats, TL-R470T+ can automatically detect and block denial of service (dos) attacks such as TCP/UDP/icmp flooding, ping of death and other related threats. Moreover, this router provides IP/Mac/URL/web ­filtering functions, which forcefully prevent attacks from intruders and viruses. For applications such as FTP, H.323, SIP, IPsec and PPTP which are not well compatible with NAT, TL-R470T+ offers administrators one-click enable of ALG choices corresponding to the above five applications. efficient access management setting a PoE server to allocate PPPoE accounts to private network users, the router only allows users with legal accounts that have passed authentication to access the Internet. Cooperating with IP-based bandwidth control, it is capable of confining bandwidth usage of certain PPPoE accounts. Moreover, the e-bulletin function is able to release a bulletin in the form of Webpage to certain user groups periodically, which notifies the users about the expiration date of the PoE account. With the ABOVE features, the router will prioritize different users in Surfer jurisdictions for more efficient management. safety minded enterprise investments professional Lightning protection technology is designed to prevent electrical surges from penetrating the interior of the device, to be discharged harmlessly into the earth. This router is designed to prevent Lightning damage of up to 4KV in the well-grounded connection conditions. This feature ensures that networking infrastructure investments remain as safe as possible From one of Mother nature’s more violent elements. Interface Available: 1 x Fixed Ethernet WAN Port, 1 Fixed Ethernet LAN Port, 3 Changeable Ethernet WAN/LAN Ports; Protocols Supported: IEEE 802.3 802.3u 802.3x TCP/IP DHCP ICMP NAT PPPoE SNTP HTTP DDNS; System Requirement: Microsoft Windows 8 7 Vista, XP or MAC OS NetWare UNIX or Linux Amazon.com