Amazon.com From the Manufacturer Enjoy a high-speed Internet connection for Web surfing on multiple computers with the Belkin N300 Wi-Fi N Router. Operating at up to four times the speed of normal G technology, the N300 allows you to browse the Internet, chat, and use social media with ease. And for added peace of mind, you can filter unsafe or inappropriate Internet content with Parental Control powered by Norton. The router's three-step setup gets your connection up and running in no time. N300 Wi-Fi N Router At a Glance: Surf the Web, use social media, and download files with ease Surf the Web, use social media, and download files with ease Block unwanted content with Parental Control powered by Norton Block unwanted content with Parental Control powered by Norton Access the Internet on your computer or mobile device Access the Internet on your computer or mobile device Get up to four times the speed of standard G technology Get up to four times the speed of standard G technology Experience strong throughput and multi-device coverage thanks to MultiBeam technology Experience strong throughput and multi-device coverage thanks to MultiBeam technology Click here for more information.* MultiBeam coverage allows you to connect to the Internet from anywhere in your home. View larger . Delivers up to four times the speed of normal G technology. View larger . Browse the Web, email, and chat with ease. View larger . Get your secure wireless network up and running in minutes. View larger . Connection Speed Ideal for Social Networking, Email, and Chat The Belkin N300 features speeds up to four times the speed of standard G technology, providing and maintaining a reliable high-speed connection. Using exclusive MultiBeam antenna technology, this router also offers powerful signal strength, increased coverage, and fewer dead spots, so you can connect from virtually anywhere in your home. In addition, the N300 lets you simultaneously connect to the Internet on multiple desktop or laptop computers without interrupting your connection. For example, you can surf the Web downstairs while your roommate or family member sends emails upstairs. Parental Control Powered by Norton Protect your entire network with Parental Control powered by Norton. Block unwanted content to all your devices automatically with this customizable and easy-to-use software. Installs Easily with Three-Step Setup The N300 is designed for fast, easy setup. Simply plug the N300 into your modem, plug the router into the wall, and insert the included setup CD into your computer. You won't have to hassle with security settings, since the N300 comes with preconfigured Wi-Fi encryption to get you up and running safely. Protected, Self-Healing Connection Using Belkin's integrated Self-Healing ability, the N300 will analyze your network to automatically detect and resolve most problems. By running routine maintenance scans to give you the clearest wireless channel, the N300 provides a hassle-free connection with minimal interference. If your attention is required, a notification will appear right on your screen. System Requirements and Warranty Information To set up your network with the N300, you need a computer with Microsoft Windows XP 32 (SP3 or greater), Windows Vista (32/64), Windows 7 (32/64), or Mac OS X (v10.5 or above); an installed network interface card and TCP/IP networking protocol; Internet Explorer (v7 or above), Firefox, Google Chrome, or Safari; and a minimum of 512 MB RAM. The N300 Wi-Fi N Router is supported by Belkin's two-year limited warranty. What's in the Box N300 Wi-Fi N Router, power supply, setup CD, user manual, and networking cable. THE RIGHT ROUTER FOREVERY HOUSEHOLD RANGE Maintain Internet connection at greater distances GOOD GOOD BETTER BETTER BEST BEST SPEED (Mbps†) More speed means faster online access UP TO150(2.4GHz) UP TO300(2.4GHz) UP TO150 (2.4GHz) +300 (5.0GHz) UP TO300 (2.4GHz) +300 (5.0GHz) UP TO300 (2.4GHz) +450 (5.0GHz) UP TO450 (2.4GHz) +450 (5.0GHz) PARENTAL CONTROL Internet filters block unsafe and inappropriate content MIMO INTERNAL ANTENNAS For superior data, range, and power performance 2 3 4 4 5 6 PRESET SECURITY Unique pre-printed security card to make sure your network is protected QUALITY OF SERVICE (QoS) Automatically prioritizes video and gaming for uninterrupted high-speed data streaming USB PORTS Connect USB storage or USB printer to enable file sharing and wireless printing       1 2 2 MEDIA SERVER BY myTwonky Stream music, movies, and photos from your USB drive to your smartphones, iPad, and Smart TV WIRELESS PRINTING Turn any USB printer into a wireless printer GIGABIT PORTS Connect computers, Blu-ray players, and gaming consoles with ultra-fast transfer speeds † The standard transmission rates - 150Mbps (for 2.4 GHz), 300Mbps (for 5Ghz), and 11Mbps - are the physical data rates. Actual data throughput will be lower and may depend on the mix of wireless products used. * Test measured average throughput within a home network when connected devices are placed at various distances from router. The Belkin router had the highest average throughput at measurements greater than 30 feet. Leading routers were determined by identifying the most commonly purchased routers that collectively accounted for a majority of router sales. The stated transmis sion rate is the physical data rate. Actual data throughput will be lower. Actual speed and distance will vary depending on interference, network traffic, building materials, and other environmental factors. Only Accept Authentic Belkin Products! Beware of fakes! When you receive your Belkin Router, verify that you received all items listed in "What's in the Box" and make sure packaging is intact (see photo or setup video)! Box is tightly shrink-wrapped. Box is tightly shrink-wrapped. Router is neatly nested enclosed within a plastic bag. Router is neatly nested enclosed within a plastic bag. SSID, password and security type are taped to router. SSID, password and security type are taped to router. Setup CD is under the router. Setup CD is under the router. Power cord and the USB cable are nested under a cardboard flap. They have white tags hanging off of the cord/cable with an illustration of how each plugs in. Power cord and the USB cable are nested under a cardboard flap. They have white tags hanging off of the cord/cable with an illustration of how each plugs in. Please report to Amazon immediately if you have received a product in a different or damaged package. Enjoy your Belkin router!