Dependable, Easy-to-use Guidance With its bright 5.0" display, spoken turn-by-turn directions and many innovative features, the sleek nüvi 52LM offers dependable, easy to use driving guidance. Detailed Maps with Free Lifetime Updates Maps of the lower 49 states, plus free lifetime¹ map updates, let you easily find addresses and millions of points of interest. Innovative Features Lane assist with junction view indicates the proper lane for a turn or exit with brightly colored arrows and detailed pictures. nüvi 52LM also displays speed limit and accurate arrival time. One-stop Device Management Use Garmin Express to keep your nüvi up-to-date. Garmin Express makes it easy to update maps and software, transfer favorites to and from devices, and install free custom vehicles and voices. What's in the Box: nüvi 52LM nüvi 52LM Preloaded with City Navigator® NT North America - Lower 49 States Preloaded with City Navigator® NT North America - Lower 49 States Lifetime maps¹ (indicated by “LM” after model number on the box) Lifetime maps¹ (indicated by “LM” after model number on the box) Vehicle power cable Vehicle power cable Vehicle suction cup mount Vehicle suction cup mount USB cable USB cable Quick start manual Quick start manual ¹If you purchase a nüMaps Lifetime subscription (sold separately or bundled together with certain GPS models), you will receive up to 4 map data updates per year, when and as such updates are made available on Garmin’s website, for 1 compatible Garmin product until your product’s useful life expires or Garmin no longer receives map data from its third party supplier, whichever is shorter. A product’s “useful life” means the period during which the product (a) has sufficient memory capacity and other required technical capabilities to utilize current map data and (b) is capable of operating as intended without major repairs. A product will be deemed to be out of service and its useful life to be ended if no updates have been downloaded for such product for a period of 24 months or more. Unless otherwise stated, the updates you receive under the subscription will be updates to the same geographic map data originally included with your Garmin product when originally purchased. In some instances, your Garmin product might not have sufficient memory remaining for you to load an update to the map data, in which case you will need to either (a) select reduced map data coverage for your updates, or (b) purchase separately a microSD™/SD™ card (if and as applicable to your Garmin product) and load all or a portion of the map data coverage for your updates to the card and insert the card into the microSD/SD card slot contained in your Garmin product. If neither of the measures in (a) or (b) can be used to address your product’s lack of sufficient remaining memory, then Garmin may conclude that the “useful life” of your product has expired. Garmin may terminate your nüMaps Lifetime subscription at any time if you violate any of the terms of this agreement or your subscription. Your nüMaps Lifetime subscription may not be transferred to another Garmin product.