Product Description 3D Blu-ray Disc Full HD 1080p playback. Built-in Wi-Fi. Sony Entertainment Network: Netflix, YouTube, Pandora, Hulu Plus& more. Media Remote app for iPhone/iPad & Android phones. Share music throughout home with Home Share.Input/Output Connectors: Analog-1x Composite Video,1x 2-Channel Audio (RCA),Digital-1x HDMI,1x Digital Optical Audio,1x Digital Coaxial Audio,Other-1x Ethernet,2x USB.What's in the box: Sony BDP-S590 Blu-ray Disc Player, Remote Control (RMT-B119A), 2 x AA Batteries, A/V Cable, Warranty Card, Owner's Manual and1-Year Parts & Labor Warranty.A/V Playback Formats: Video: BD-R, BD-RE, BD-ROM, DVD, DVD+R, DVD+R DL, DVD+RW, DVD-R, DVD-R DL, DVD-RW, Audio: CD, CD-R, CD-RW, SACD, File Formats Supported: null, AVCHD, GIF, JPEG, MP3, MPEG-4, MPEG1, MPEG2, PNG, null. From the Manufacturer Enjoy Full HD 1080p Blu-ray Disc playback 1 and your favorites from Netflix, Youtube, Pandora, Hulu Plus and more 2 with the Sony BDP-S590  Blu-ray Disc Player. Wirelessly stream movies, TV shows, music  and more, even in 3D 1 for an ultimate movie watching experience. Wonderfully Wi-Fi. Streaming Entertainment. Deeper Clarity. Integrated Wi-Fi on your Blu-ray eliminates extra cables and connects effortlessly to your home network so you can get online faster and start streaming your favorite entertainment right away. Built-in Wi-Fi and the incredible Sony Entertainment Network allow you to instantly stream an astonishing array of entertainment options, from movies and videos to TV shows and music from your favorite content providers. Pair your Blu-ray player with a compatible 3D HDTV to enjoy the next level of entertainment. Full 1080p HD jumps to life like never before in stunning 3D so real that you’ll feel like you’re in the middle of the action. Technology Now Streaming With the convenience of built-in Wi-Fi, it’s easier than ever to instantly stream an astonishing array of online movies, videos, TV shows, and music from Netflix, YouTube, HuluPlus, Pandora and more. 2 Watch exactly what you want, when you want. Wi-Fi Connectivity Connect to all the internet has to offer minus annoyance of extra cables. Integrated Wi-Fi makes it a cinch to tap into your home’s existing wireless network, meaning you'll be streaming all the things you love in no time. Stunning 3D in Full 1080p HD Ready to enter the next dimension of entertainment? Pair your Blu-ray player with a 3D HDTV and you'll find yourself transported to exotic locales alongside your favorite actors – all in beautifully rich Full 1080p HD. Control with Your Mobile Device Turn your iPhone, iPad or compatible Android phone into a versatile remote by downloading the free Media Remote app. Get all the basic remote functions plus access to a full Qwerty keyboard that makes searching the internet for movie info a snap. Rock the House Do more than play your favorite movies. Add Sony HomeShare wireless network speakers (sold separately) to stream music from a CD, your personal music library or even the internet to virtually any area of your home. Move from room to room without skipping a beat – it's perfect for your  next party. Socialize While Watching Best fight scene ever? Cutest love story of all time? Add to the excitement by sharing it with others – post comments on what you’re watching, while you're watching it via Facebook and Twitter with a  Socialize message. Product description and full feature list The BDP-S590 Blu-ray Disc Player with 3D and Wi-Fi is equipped with the latest technology to bring you  incredible entertainment quality. Explore the full range of features and options below. Built-in Wi-Fi With built-in Wi-Fi, you can easily connect to the Internet through your home's wireless broadband network. Sony Entertainment Network With the Sony Entertainment Network, you can instantly stream a wide variety of online movies, videos, TV shows, and music from Netflix, YouTube, Pandora, Hulu Plus and more. 2 Make movies more stunning Enjoy 3D Blu-ray Disc movies in Full HD 1080p and upscale the visual quality of DVDs to near HD quality. In addtion, the 2D to 3D conversion feature allows your DVDs or Blu-ray Disc movies to be automatically converted into 3D for playback on your 3D TV. 1 Sony Media Remote App With the free Sony Media RemoteTM app enjoy a full Qwerty keyboard and movie information search capabilities on your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Android phone or Sony Tablet. 3 Multi-room music with  Party Streaming Mode With the Sony BDP-S590, you can wirelessly stream music throughout the home to Sony Wireless Network speakers. 4 Quick Start/Quick Load The BDP-S590 allows you to enjoy your movies within seconds with the Quick Start/Quick Load feature. Life, easily shared Bring your favorite videos, photos and music to your TV with dual USB inputs. 6 Socialize The Socialize feature allows you to "Socialize" what you watch over Facebook and Twitter while you watch TV. Easy Access Using DLNA you can wirelessly access music, videos and photos from your PC or other compatible Android device and stream them to your Blu-ray Disc Player. 6 Throw your music and photos Photos and music from your Sony Tablet or other compatible Android device can be "thrown" directly to the BDPS-590 for enjoyment on your TV. 7 Sound you can feel Experience the highest sound quality with Dolby TrueHD and dts-HD codecs which reproduce high-definition sound with 7.1 channels of discrete audio for uncompromised quality. 8 Learn more about your movies Get detailed movie information and search across Internet apps, including YouTube and Video Unlimited for related entertainment with Gracenote. Compare Sony models BDP-S185 BDP-S390 BDP-S590 BDP-S790 SMPN-200 4K Upscaling 5 – – – – Universal Disc Playback – Built-in Wi-Fi 1 – HD Audio Decoding 2 – Quick Start & Loading – – 3D in Full HD 1080p 3 – – – 2D to 3D Up Conversion 4 – – – Dual Core Processor – – – – HDMI Out (2)/ IR In – – – – 4K Upscaling 5 – – – – Internet Video Content Noise Reduction – PRO – Sony Entertainment Network 1 Socialize   Media Remote App 6 – DLNA 7 – Sony Wi-Fi Network Speaker Compatible 8 – "Throw" Your Music and Photos 9 – – Gracenote with Cross Search 10 – – Skype on Your TV 11 – – – – 1. Requires 3D content, 1080p 3D HDTV, 3D glasses, 3D emitter, and HDMI cable (at least 10.2 Gbps). 2. Broadband speed of at least 2.5 Mbps recommended (10 Mbps for HD). Content subject to change and may require fees. Wireless connectivity requires an 802.11 home network (802.11n recommended). 3. Applications must be downloaded from the iTunes or Android application store. Check Android market from your device for compatibility. Requires devices connected to the same wireless home network. 4. Requires Sony HomeShare compatible products and a home network. HomeShare NetWork speakers are sold separately. 5. Requires a home network with content stored on a DLNA compliant PC or server, and HomeShare network speaker, dock, or Blu-ray Disc player or home theater system. See dlna.org for compatibility. 6. Not all USB devices are supported. Please check Owner's Manual for compatibility. 7. Requires devices connected to the same wireless home network. 8. Requires HDMI cable and LPCM capable receiver.