Logitech Ultrathin Touch Mouse T630 Beautifully crafted. Sophisticated by design. Gorgeous brushed metallic body, slim profile and smooth Windows 8 touch surface match the sleek looks of Ultrabook Super-thin, feather-light and ultra-portable Minimalist design with Bluetooth connectivity to your Ultrabook, tablet and desktop computer See Detailed Features Logitech Ultrathin Touch Mouse T630 Love the look of your Ultrabook? Add a little more of what you love with a mouse that complements it perfectly. The head-turning, high-performing Logitech Ultrathin Touch Mouse T630. Small and Ultra-portable. Enlarge An ideal match for Ultrabooks Brushed metallic body and silky smooth touch surface Brushed metallic body and silky smooth touch surface Perfectly complements the sleek good looks and stunning profile of your Ultrabook computer Perfectly complements the sleek good looks and stunning profile of your Ultrabook computer Enlarge One mouse. Multiple devices. Connects to your Ultrabook, tablet or computer using Bluetooth wireless Connects to your Ultrabook, tablet or computer using Bluetooth wireless Logitech Easy-Switch Technology—toggle between your devices with the simple flip of a switch Logitech Easy-Switch Technology—toggle between your devices with the simple flip of a switch Enlarge Ultra-portable pair Finally, a mouse as ultra-portable as your Ultrabook that can go everywhere you do. Super thin and feather light Super thin and feather light Slips nearly invisibly into a computer sleeve or even in the pocket of your skinniest jeans Slips nearly invisibly into a computer sleeve or even in the pocket of your skinniest jeans Enlarge Hassle-free rechargeability Forget about battery hassles once and for all. Mouse charges over USB, so it’s ready when you are Mouse charges over USB, so it’s ready when you are Recharge fast—just one minute of charge time gives you enough power to keep working for another hour* Recharge fast—just one minute of charge time gives you enough power to keep working for another hour* Enlarge Effortless Windows 8 touch gestures Experience new Windows 8 navigation—effortlessly and confidently Experience new Windows 8 navigation—effortlessly and confidently Simplifies the touch navigation experience with natural, intuitive gestures—and makes you look and feel good doing it. Simplifies the touch navigation experience with natural, intuitive gestures—and makes you look and feel good doing it. Learn more about Windows 8 navigation > * Based on typical user experience. Your results may vary. Compatibility What's in the box? Ultrathin Touch Mouse Ultrathin Touch Mouse USB cable for recharging USB cable for recharging User documentation User documentation Works with: Windows 8, Windows 7 Windows 8, Windows 7 USB port for recharging USB port for recharging Internet connection for software download Internet connection for software download Compare Which Logitech Wireless Mouse Matches Your Style? Wireless Mouse M325 Zone Touch Mouse T400 Ultrathin Touch Mouse T630 GOODBETTERBEST What do you get? A traditional mouse with designed-for-web scrollingA traditional mouse with familiar buttons plus touch zone for smooth scrollingA full-touch-surface mouse beautifully crafted to complement Ultrabooks Wireless connection USB with Unifying receiverUSB with Unifying receiverBluetooth Scrolling method Scroll wheelTouch zone swipe-and-scrollTouch surface swipe-and-scroll Touch gestures you can do N/A 49 Ultra-smooth touch surface for fluid, precise control Touch zoneFull touch surface Profile ClassicStreamlinedUltrathin Battery life* Up to 18 monthsUp to 18 monthsRechargeable. Up to 10 days on a full charge Size CompactFull sizeUltra-portable Compatibility Windows 8, Windows RT, Windows 7, Windows Vista, Windows XP, Mac OS X 10.5 or later, Linux kernel 2.6+ Windows 8, Windows RT, Windows 7Windows 8, Windows 7 * Battery life may vary based on user and computing conditions.