Overview: The HDMI cable is the newest and best digital video connection on the market. HDMI is the only cable that can transfer uncompressed high-definition video and multi channel digital audio in resolutions higher than 1080p. HDMI cables are convenient because they will allow the transfer of digital audio and video in a single cable, permitting a less confusing mess of wires and a cleaner entertainment center. They are backward compatible to all previous versions. Main Features: * 1080p Resolution. Audio Return Channel 3D - 3D is the latest rage for both home theater and gaming. * 4K - The 4K resolution is 3840 x 2160 pixels @ 60 Hz. * Deep Color - The Deep Color feature provides a minimum of 8-bits per color element (24-bits total), providing for a total of over 16 million color variations. x.v.Color - x.v.Color High Definition Audio - HDMI supports a full range of high definition audio types, including SA-CD, DVD-Audio, DTS-HD Master Audio, and Dolby TrueHD. Specifications: * Our High Speed HDMI cables with Ethernet have been designed to meet the performance standards set by HDMI 2.0 and have passed stringent Category 2 testing. They are backward compatible to all previous versions. • HDMI Ethernet Channel - The HDMI 2.0 specification adds a data channel to the HDMI connection, enabling high-speed, bi-directional communication. Connected devices that include this feature can send and receive data via 100 Mb/sec Ethernet, making them instantly ready for any IP-based application. • Audio Return Channel - The new specification adds an audio channel that will reduce the number of cables required to deliver audio """"""""upstream"""""""" from a TV to an A/V receiver for processing and playback. In cases where a TV features an internal content source, such as a built-in tuner or DVD player, the Audio Return Channel allows the TV to send audio data upstream to the A/V receiver via the HDMI cable, eliminating the need for an extra cable. • 3D Support - The version of the specification defines common 3D formats and resolutions for HDMI-enabled devices, enabling 3D gaming and other 3D video applications. • 4K Resolution Support - The new specification enables HDMI devices to support extremely high HD resolutions, effectively four times the resolution of a 1080p device. Support for 4K allows the HDMI interface to transmit digital content at the same resolution as the state-of-the-art Digital Cinema systems used in many movie theaters. Cables & Etc,LLC is the owner of the trademark C&E. This UPC is trademarked under C&E. Any violation will be reported to Amazon without any prior warning.