Product Description Fujifilm FinePix SL300 From the Manufacturer SL300 Fujinon 30x Optical Zoom & Wide 24mm Zoom Lens Highly Regarded by Professionals World-wide The widely renown Fujinon Lenses are used popularly in numerous situations including satellites in outer space, TV/film, surveillance, and compact cameras. With the highly adept manufacture of Fujifilm, high precision optic and technology are provided for the best 24mm wide angle and 30x optical zoom. Wide Angle (24mm) Wide Angle (24mm) 15x Optical Zoom (360mm*) 15x Optical Zoom (360mm*) 30x Optical Zoom (720mm*) 30x Optical Zoom (720mm*) Super EBC - Aiming for High Quality Images - The lens elements used in the FinePix SL300 have been treated with multilayer Super EBC (Electron Beam Coating), the same process used for Fujinon broadcasting video lenses and large-format camera lenses acclaimed by professionals. Reducing ghosting and lens flare, the treatment promises clear image quality. 45-step Electronic Powered Zoom The powered 30x zoom features smooth 45-step zoom control, giving you the ability to frame every shot with precision accuracy. 2cm Super Macro At a distance of just 2cm, macro photography using the FinePix SL300 allows you to capture all the exquisite detail of your subject from really close up. TTL Hot - Shoe A hot-shoe accommodates an auxiliary TTL flash, for shooting scenes beyond the capability of the built-in flash. A selection of versatile compatible flash units is available from your FinePix dealer. SR AUTO & Detection Functions Equipped with SR AUTO, an auto 6 scene-recognition function with fully loaded detection functions that detect faces, blinks and smiles for clear optimized people photos. 6 Scene SR AUTO (Scene Recognition Auto) Framed scenes are automatically detected and selected into appropriate camera settings: Portrait, Landscape, Night, Macro, Night Portrait, and Backlit Portrait. The FinePix SL300 not only detects faces in a frame but it can also recognize who is who! You can register up to 8 people in your camera and next time you take a photo of them it will bring up their name and optimize settings in favor of your registered faces. In playback, you can search for all photos containing registered faces to quickly find photos of your favorites. Notes * Depending on the scene conditions, Face Detection performance may vary. * Sample photos are simulated images. High Performance Shooting Functions Introducing high-performance shooting functions of Motion Panorama, Super Macro Shooting, Tracking Auto Focus, Instant Zoom and Zoom Bracketing Mode: Motion Panorama Lets you take panorama photos as simply as 1, 2, 3! The camera automatically stitches together three consecutive shots, with simple in-frame guidance to ensure the images are aligned. The resulting image is saved to the memory card as an impressive panorama. Natural Light and with Flash Can't decide whether it's best to use flash? Choose this mode, press the shutter and automatically capture the same scene twice: once with high sensitivity and natural light, and the second time with Intelligent Flash. Later choose one or keep both! Tracking Auto Focus Keeps fast moving subjects in the frame and in focus, even when the zoom is fully extended. Great for capturing dynamic close-ups. Instant Zoom A function to follow moving subjects in standard wide view for easy framing at high zoom settings. With a single press of a button, the subject tracked within the selected frame on the LCD, will be captured and saved at a high zoom ratio (1.4x or 2.0x digital zoom). Zoom Bracketing Mode Enables three shots to be taken at the single press of the button, at varying degrees of magnification (original, 1.4x and 2.0x). This enables instant editing on the camera to choose the ideal shot, rather than having to go back to a PC to facilitate a digital crop. Share your images with built in social networking Don't wait until you get home to start choosing which pictures to upload to FACEBOOK. Start the process in camera by tagging the pictures you want to share. The next time you connect to your home computer your images will upload automatically. The same goes for movie clips too, which can also be uploaded to YouTube™. Easy Web Uploading to YouTube™ and FACEBOOK via MyFinePix Studio It's as easy as one, two, three. Shoot pictures and tag them for upload to your FACEBOOK profile page or YouTube™ account. What is in the Box: Li-ion battery NP-85 Li-ion battery NP-85 Battery charger BC-85 Battery charger BC-85 Plug adapter Plug adapter Shoulder strap Shoulder strap USB-A/V cable USB-A/V cable Lens cap and Lens cap cord Lens cap and Lens cap cord CD-ROM CD-ROM Owner's manual – A printer basic manual available in English, Spanish and French. The full manual is available in many languages in the CD – ROM Owner's manual – A printer basic manual available in English, Spanish and French. The full manual is available in many languages in the CD – ROM