From the Manufacturer WD Caviar Green Hard Drives – Cool, quiet. The WD Caviar Green desktop SATA hard drives give you the space you need to hold enormous amounts of software, photos and videos. These drives make it possible to build high capacity, cool and quiet systems, while delivering the right balance of system performance and energy conservation. Why you should choose WD Caviar Green: WD Caviar Green hard drives provide high capacity storage while using up to 40% less power than traditional 7200 RPM drives. In addition, these hard drives are quieter and cooler than traditional 7200 RPM drives. Cool and quiet. WD GreenPower Technology yields lower operating temperatures for increased reliability and low acoustics perfect for ultra-quiet PCs and external drives. Reduced power consumption. WD's IntelliPower technology delivers both significant power savings and solid performance. Additionally, WD Caviar Green drives consume less current during startup allowing lower peak loads on systems as they are booted. Massive capacity . Store up to 1.5 TB of photos, videos, music and files on a single drive. Features at a glance 1.5 TB of desktop storage 1.5 TB of desktop storage Reduced power consumption Reduced power consumption SATA 3 Gb/s interface SATA 3 Gb/s interface WD GreenPower Technology WD GreenPower Technology 2-year limited warranty 2-year limited warranty Ideal for: Adding lots of storage in desktop PCs or external drives and NAS devices Adding lots of storage in desktop PCs or external drives and NAS devices Adding extra storage space for photos, videos and music Adding extra storage space for photos, videos and music Environmentally-conscious individuals seeking reduced power consumption Environmentally-conscious individuals seeking reduced power consumption Features: SATA 3 Gb/s interface - The industry standard and most common interface. NoTouch ramp load technology - The recording head never touches the disk media ensuring significantly less wear to the recording head and media as well as better drive protection in transit. IntelliSeek - Calculates optimum seek speeds to lower power consumption, noise and vibration. Advanced Format (AF) - Technology being adopted by WD and other drive manufacturers to continue growing hard drive capacities. New drives featuring AF are optimized for operation with Windows 7, Windows Vista and Mac OS X Tiger, Leopard, Snow Leopard. For older operating systems such as Windows XP, users must run the free WD Align software utility to achieve the full performance of the drive. Desktop / Consumer RAID environments - WD Caviar Green Hard Drives are tested and recommended for use in consumer-type RAID applications. (RAID-0 / RAID-1)* *Business Critical RAID Environments – WD Caviar Green Hard Drives are not recommended for and are not warranted for use in RAID environments utilizing Enterprise HBAs and/or expanders and in multi-bay chassis, as they are not designed for, nor tested in, these specific types of RAID applications. For all Business Critical RAID applications, please consider WD's Enterprise Hard Drives that are specifically designed with RAID-specific, time-limited error recovery (TLER), are tested extensively in 24x7 RAID applications, and include features like enhanced RAFF technology and thermal extended burn-in testing. Leading the way to green hard drives - WD led the industry in creating a new category of hard drives that use less power and help reduce the world's energy demands one computer user at a time. These drives consume significantly less power than standard drives spinning at 7200 RPM. All WD Caviar Green drives are lead and halogen free, resulting in less pollutants getting into our environment. Beyond the product level, WD's green initiative goes even further focusing on recycling and improving the cleanliness of the air, water and land in the locations surrounding WD facilities. Upgrading your drive is easy - WD Acronis TrueImage, available as a free download on the WD Support site, enables you to copy all your data to a new drive so you don't have to reinstall your operating system to get all the benefits of a new drive. Note: Bare drive does not include any cables or mounting hardware. The WD advantage - WD puts our products through extensive Functional Integrity Testing (F.I.T.) prior to any product launch. On average, each new product goes through 600,000 hours of testing. WD also has a detailed Knowledge Base with more than 1,000 helpful articles. You can also call toll-free support 7 days per week in the U.S. and Canada. See the WD Support site for full details. WD-certified packaging - All WD drives purchased from Amazon.com are shipped in WD-certified hard drive packaging. It is designed and fully tested to provide WD products with the highest of safety while in transit. With WD-certified packaging, you can rest assured that your WD hard drive will arrive safely, fully protected, non-descript, easy-open package. Compatibility Works with Windows 7/Vista/XP/2000, Mac and Linux operating systems. You might also consider: 3.5-inch InternalComparison Chart WD Caviar Blue WD Caviar Green WD Caviar Black WD VelociRaptor Value and reliabilityfor every day computing. Cool, quiet. Maximum performance for power computing. The fastest SATA hard drive on the planet.   Ideal for Family and business computing. Desktop PCs, external drives and NAS devices. Photo and video editing, andmaxed out gaming systems. Performance enthusiastsystems and workstations.   Capacity range 80 GB – 1 TB 320 GB – 3 TB 500 GB – 2 TB 150 GB – 600 GB   Interface SATA 6 Gb/sSATA 3 Gb/sPATA 100 MB/s SATA 6 Gb/sSATA 3 Gb/s SATA 6 Gb/sSATA 3 Gb/s SATA 6 Gb/s   Form Factor 3.5-inch 3.5-inch 3.5-inch 3.5-inch   Cache 8 MB – 32 MB 16 MB – 64 MB 32 MB – 64 MB 32 MB   Limited Warranty 2-year 2-year 5-year 5-year   Highest capacity         Highest performance         Photo Video editing