Product Description Bring on the water, cold and dirt with the rugged, little camera that's built to take everything -including great pics with 16.1 megapixels and a 4x optical zoom. Keep everything you shoot blur-free with Optical SteadyShot image stabilization and there's even 720p HD movie mode when you need to capture every second of the action. From the Manufacturer A+ DSC-TF1 &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;!-- .body2 { font: 100%/1.4 Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:12px; background: #42413C; margin: 0; padding: 0; color: #000; background-color: #FFFFFF; } /* ~~ this fixed width container surrounds all other elements ~~ */ .container2 { width: 960px; margin: 0 auto; /* the auto value on the sides, coupled with the width, centers the layout */ } /* ~~ This is the layout information. ~~ 1) Padding is only placed on the top and/or bottom of the div. The elements within this div have padding on their sides. This saves you from any "box model math". Keep in mind, if you add any side padding or border to the div itself, it will be added to the width you define to create the *total* width. You may also choose to remove the padding on the element in the div and place a second div within it with no width and the padding necessary for your design. */ .content2 { padding: 10px 0; } /* ~~ miscellaneous float/clear classes ~~ */ .fltrt { /* this class can be used to float an element right in your page. The floated element must precede the element it should be next to on the page. */ float: right; margin-left: 0px; } .fltlft { /* this class can be used to float an element left in your page. The floated element must precede the element it should be next to on the page. */ float: left; margin-right: 0px; } .clearfloat { /* this class can be placed on a &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; or empty div as the final element following the last floated div (within the #container) if the overflow:hidden on the .container is removed */ clear:both; height:0; font-size: 1px; line-height: 0px; } --&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;     Bring on the water, cold and dirt with the rugged, little camera that’s built to take everything – including great pics with 16.1 megapixels and a 4x optical zoom. Keep everything you shoot blur-free with Optical SteadyShot™ image stabilization and there’s even 720p HD movie mode when you need to capture every second of the action. Certified waterproof (up to 33ft.) dust, freeze, and shock proof 2 16.1 megapixel plus 4x optical zoom captures detailed subjects Capture your videosin 720p HD Movie mode¹ Technology Practically everything proof Don’t be afraid to take this camera out in the elements. Hop on your dirt bike or go white water kayaking. The TF1 goes along for the ride and can capture all of your adventures. This tough camera is resilient when dropped, and can be taken on skiing and snowmobiling outings. Take it everywhere you shoot. The TF1 is ready for action. Pixel Power Zoom With a 16.1MP Super HAD™ CCD image sensor, capture high-resolution images with superb contrast and clarity down to the finest detail. The 4x zoom takes you closer for photos and videos of your outdoor and underwater adventures. Shoot HD movies Shoot and share HD movies with ease (records in 29-minute segments). In 720p AVI movie mode, you can record 1280 x 720 HD movies at 30 fps for high-quality clips perfect for viewing and editing on your Mac ® or PC, or uploading to sites like Facebook ® and YouTube™ (internet-connected computer required). Say Goodbye to Blur Don’t let a not-so-steady hand prevent you from capturing the moment. Optical SteadyShot™ image stabilization with Active Mode compensates for camera shake by countering camera movements in both horizontal and vertical directions. Get sharp, blur-free footage in otherwise unsteady situations, like shooting video while walking. Panoramic photos up to 360° Use Sweep Panorama mode to get breathtaking panoramic shots up to 360 degrees. Capture sprawling landscapes and captivating cityscapes by depressing the shutter and sweeping the camera in the desired direction. The camera handles the rest, shooting multiple images at high speeds, to create one continuous image. Effortless Effects Let your imagination run free with a variety of creative effects. Try Beauty Effects to change skin tones, remove shine and blemishes, whiten teeth, and more. Toy Camera gives photos a nostalgic feel. Pop Color allows you to transform ordinary photos into colorful works of art. Make your focal point pop with Partial Color effect. It’s fun and easy. Product description and full feature list Explore the full range of features and options below. Rugged for the Elements This camera is just as much at home in the water as it is on a night on the town! Fits in your pocket or purse, yet is waterproof to a depth of 33 ft. Shockproof up to 5 ft and dustproof thanks to its airtight construction. The TF1 is even operable in temperatures as low as 14 degrees Fahrenheit 5 , making it easy to always get the best shot! 16.1 Megapixel Plus 4x Zoom A powerful 16.1 megapixel CCD image sensor helps you capture gorgeous images with superb contrast and clarity. Create stunning, photo-quality prints up to A3+ (13"x19”) size. Cropped photos maintain their high resolution. The 4x zoom Sony ® lens helps you get much closer to your subjects. 720p AVI Movie Mod e In 720p AVI (motion jpg) movie mode the camera shoots 1280 x 720 high definition movies at 30 fps, a standard format when working with a PC.¹ With compatible PC or Mac ® computer, connect to the internet, you can upload your media to popular photo and video-sharing websites such as Photobucket ® and YouTube TM . 2.7” (230K dots) Clear Photo™  LCD display Generous 2.7” (230K dots) Clear Photo™ LCD display features sharp, natural color that makes it easy to compose shots, read menus, and view photos, even in bright sunlight. Optical SteadyShot™ image Stabilization with 2-way Active Mode Sony's Active Mode image stabilization gives you the freedom to shoot movies even while walking or running. 2-way Active Mode corrects for both vertical motion. Sweep Panorama™ mode (up to 360°) Reach beyond the traditional wide angle lens with Sweep Panorama™ mode. Press the shutter button and sweep the camera in the desired direction. The camera will seamlessly stitch the images together to create one stunning panoramic image. Available in wide and up to 360° full circle. Picture Effect for more expressive photos Picture Effect adds a new level of expression to photos, making ordinary landscapes and portraits come to life by heightening mood and emphasizing certain attributes. Face Detection technology Face Detection technology detects up to eight individual faces and adjusts focus, exposure, and white balance to help deliver crisp, properly lit images of family and friends. Beauty effects Beauty Effects allows edits to skin tones, skin smoothing, shine removal, eye widening, and teeth whitening. Beauty Effects can be combined to further enhance the image. Advanced Flash illuminates distant subjects Advanced Flash allows you to shoot bright, beautifully lit photos. The built in flash reaches farther resulting in brighter subjects in dimly lit rooms or outdoors in the evening. Intelligent Auto Mode Unlike traditional auto mode, Intelligent Auto (iAuto) mode thinks for you, recognizing scenes, lighting conditions, faces, and adjusts settings resulting in clear images, faces with natural skin tone and less blur. Take advantage of all the technology without leaving Auto mode. Smile Shutter™ technology Smile Shutter™ technology captures a smile the moment it happens. Simply press the Smile Shutter™ button and the camera does the rest. You can also select adult and child priority and indicate the degree of Smile Detection sensitivity. Intelligent Scene Recognition can now be used together with Smile Shutter™ mode when the Intelligent Auto mode is on. This means that beautiful smiles can be captured with settings optimized for the particular scene, even in difficult conditions such as twilight and backlighting. 1. Records in 29 minute segments 2 Dustproof certified to IEC 60529 IP5X standard, shock-proof certified to MIL-STD-810F Method 516.5-Shock, can operate in temperatures between 14 degrees Fahrenheit (-10 degrees Celsius) and 104-degrees Fahrenheit (40 degrees Celsius), waterproof certified to IEC60529 IPX8 standard, shock-proof Certified to MIL-STD-810F Method 516.5-Shock, dustproof certified to IEC 60529 IP5X standard, and can operate in temperatures between 14 degrees Fahrenheit (-10 degrees Celsius) and 104-degrees Fahrenheit (40 degrees Celsius). © 2013 Sony Electronics Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without written permission is prohibited. Sony, Cyber-shot, Optical SteadyShot, Smile Shutter, Sweep Panorama, Exmor, BIONZ, PlayMemories Home and the Sony make.believe logo are trademarks of Sony. HDMI is a trademark of HDMI Licensing LLC. Microsoft, Windows, and Windows Vista are trademarks of Microsoft Corporation. Mac is a trademark of Apple, Inc. All other trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. Features and specifications subject to change without notice.