Sony DR-EX14VP Earbud Headset for iPod, iPhone, and Smartphones Powerful Sound Powerful Sound Smartphone Compatible Smartphone Compatible In-line Remote In-line Remote Volume Control Volume Control Microphone Microphone Hybrid Silicone Earbuds Hybrid Silicone Earbuds Experience stimulating sound with features that include an in-line microphone and volume remote to complement your smartphone experience. The DR-EX14VP comes with three sizes of hybrid silicon earbuds ensuring a proper fit to maximize comfort and sound isolation, and works with most Android OS smartphones, iPhone and Blackberry for call handling, volume management and music play/pause control. Key Features Powerful Sound The DR-EX14VP headphones deliver powerful bass with high-resolution treble and mid-range in a lightweight and comfortable in-ear design. The 9mm driver units combined with 400 kJ/m3 high power neodymium magnets produce crystal clear sound. Smartphone Compatible A companion to your favorite Smartphone, the DR-EX14VP headphones works with most Smartphones, including Smartphones with Android OS, iPhone and Blackberry. Includes a supplied connection cable with a four-conductor stereo mini plug. In-Line Remote The in-line remote houses a microphone, volume controls, and call answer/end functionality. Volume Control When your favorite song hits the playlist you can easily turn up the volume to your liking without searching for your phone's controls. You can just as easily lower the volume at a moment's notice by simply pressing the volume - control button. This feature is especially valuable when the quality of the audio tracks within your playlists vary. High quality tracks may appear to have a higher volume, whereas low quality tracks may leave you needing to increase the volume. Using the in-line remote lets you adjust to those changes quickly. Microphone The built-in microphone let's you take calls on the go so you won't miss your calls when listening to music on your smartphone. When you receive an incoming call, you can easily answer the call, which will switch the audio you hear from your music to your call. You also have the option to end the call with the press of a button to continue your music listening. Hybrid Silicone Earbuds Find the right size for your ear for long-term wearing comfort. Included with these headphones are removable hybrid silicone earbuds in three sizes (S, M, L). Product Dimensions Driver Unit:  9mm, Dynamic, closed, dome-type  Magnet Type:  Neodymium  Frequency Response:  8-22,000 Hz  Impedence:  16 ohms at 1kHz   Sensitivity (db):  100 dB/mW  Power Handling Capacity 100 mW Cord Length 1.2m (47 1/4 in), Y-type What's in the box DR-EX14VP Earbuds (S, M, L) DR-EX14VP Earbuds (S, M, L) Conversion Cord Conversion Cord Operating Instructions Operating Instructions Warranty Card Warranty Card