The MG7120 also allows you to print on CDs and DVDs, as well as load paper into the front of the printer. View larger View larger View larger PIXMA MG7120 Wireless Inkjet Photo All-In-One Premium Wireless All-In-One with 3.5” Touch Screen, Gray Ink and Exceptional Connectivity Options The PIXMA MG7120 is the ultimate Wireless Inkjet Photo All-In-One printer delivering superior photo printing performance and incredible versatility. The MG7120 prints gorgeous, borderless photos up to 8.5" x 11" and sharp documents with amazing quality. Maximum color dpi is a remarkable 9600 x 2400 with 1pl technology, six individual ink tanks, including gray ink for beautiful detail in your color and black & white photos. Additional features include AirPrint, built-in Wi-Fi, Auto Duplex Printing, Full HD Movie Print, wireless Auto Power On, Auto Scan Mode, Quick Start, a Quiet Mode and My Image Garden software. Make Virtual Real With PIXMA Printing Solutions (PPS) from Canon, you can quickly print photos or documents directly from select Cloud services like Twitter, Facebook, Evernote, Dropbox, and more. Get connected to your printer wirelessly and eliminate the need to be near your printer. With the free PPS app3 you can unlock the collections of images and documents trapped inside your mobile device while checking printer settings, reviewing manuals and scanning documents without a computer. PPS helps you stay connected to the cloud and keep moving at the speed of today's world. What's in the Box PIXMA MG7120 Wireless Inkjet Photo All-In-One PIXMA MG7120 Wireless Inkjet Photo All-In-One CD/DVD Printing Tray CD/DVD Printing Tray Manuals and other documents Manuals and other documents Matte Photo Paper (For Automatic Print Head Alignment) Matte Photo Paper (For Automatic Print Head Alignment) Setup CD-ROM Setup CD-ROM Setup Ink Tanks Setup Ink Tanks Power Cord Power Cord Compatibility Windows 8 Windows 8 Windows 7 Windows 7 Windows 7 SP1 Windows 7 SP1 Windows Vista SP1 Windows Vista SP1 Windows Vista SP2 Windows Vista SP2 Windows XP SP3 32-bit Windows XP SP3 32-bit Mac OS X v10.6 - 10.8 Mac OS X v10.6 - 10.8 3.5" Touchscreen LCD with Intelligent Touch System View larger View larger Speed and Quality Borderless Photos Fast: Print a beautiful, borderless 4" x 6" photo in approximately 21 seconds. ChromaLife100+: This system combines enhanced FINE print head technology with select genuine Canon photo papers and inks for beautiful borderless photos that will last up to 300 years when stored in an archival-quality photo album. Hybrid Ink System: Combines dye ink for vivid colors and black pigment ink for sharp text. Superior Resolution: 9600 x 2400 maximum color dpi produces incredible quality and detail in both your business documents and photos. Six Individual Ink Tank System: This high performance 6-color ink system includes gray ink for amazing detail in your black & white and color photos. A pigment-based black ink produces exceptionally crisp text. Plus, you only replace the color ink tank that runs out. Print Documents and Web Pages, Fast: Print documents and web pages with fast speeds of 15.0 images per minute (ipm) for black and 10.0 images per minute (ipm) for color. Scanning Resolution: Print a beautiful, borderless 4" x 6" photo in approximately 21 seconds. FINE: Features Full-photolithography Inkjet Nozzle Engineering (FINE) with a patented print head firing ink droplets as small as 1pl. Connectivity Built-In Wireless: Print and scan wirelessly from any Wi-Fi enabled computer around the house. Google Cloud Print: Allows users to print from Gmail and Google Docs on a mobile device, and from the Google Chrome browser. With Google Cloud Print, you can print from wherever you are, from applications you use every day. You can even share your home and work printers with anyone you choose. Wireless PictBridge: Send photos directly from your wireless PictBridge (DPS over IP) compatible camera to the printer. No computer needed. Ethernet: Supports wired LAN connections as well as USB connections. Memory Cards: Don't feel like using a computer? Just insert a compatible memory card into the built-in card slot, select images on the LCD, and print! PIXMA Printing Solutions: The PIXMA Printing Solutions (PPS) app easily lets you print and scan photos or documents from your mobile device. With the cloud printing function you can print directly from select online cloud services either at the printer itself or with your mobile device using the free PPS app. In addition, PPS offers a variety of other features such as an online manual, the ability to change printer settings, and view status information that help enhance your productivity, as well as your fun. AirPrint: Wirelessly print photos, emails, web pages, documents and more from your compatible iPad, iPhone or iPod touch devices to your Canon PIXMA Wireless All-In-One. There's no software to download, no drivers to install, and no cables to connect. Just see it, tap it, and print it! Cloud Link Printing: Download and print office templates like stationery, check lists, calendars, memos, envelopes and more right to your PIXMA printer, without a computer. Print from Email: Allows you to print a PDF or JPG automatically to your Internet connected printer — just by sending an email. Ease of Use 3.5" Touchscreen LCD: This beautiful display lets you easily view, select and edit your images for simple computer-free printing. No downloading needed, just choose your picture and print. Intelligent Touch System: Effortlessly operate the printer with beautiful backlit buttons — and only the buttons you need illuminate. Full HD Movie Print: Full HD Movie Print software turns your favorite HD movie clips captured with select Canon EOS Digital SLRs, PowerShot digital cameras and VIXIA digital camcorders into beautiful prints. CD/DVD Printing: Enjoy the ability to print on CDs and DVDs. Quick Start: After pressing the power button you can begin inputting commands in mere seconds so full operation is possible in a much shorter time. Quiet Mode: This considerate feature lets you print anytime without worrying about disturbing those around you. My Image Garden: My Image Garden software makes organizing and printing your photos fun and easy with great facial recognition, Special Filters, Calendar Organization, Automatic Layout Suggestions and so much more. Auto Power On: This convenient feature automatically powers up the printer whenever you send a photo or document to be printed. Built-In Auto Duplex Printing: Automatically print on both sides of the page without the hassle of turning it over manually. This can reduce your paper consumption and cost by up to 50%. Self-Opening Tray: This convenient output feature automatically opens to collect prints and copies.