Product Description NETGEAR's Cable/DSL 54 Mbps Wireless Router lets you experience the blazing-fast network wireless speeds of 54 Mbps - up to five times faster than the popular 802.11b wireless network. These higher speeds make it a snap to surf the Web, download large files, videoconference, stream high-quality digital movies, MP3 music, and photos, and play online games. This wireless router also works with 802.11b wireless products so you can use it with your existing 802.11b devices and your new 54 Mbps (802.11g) devices. Auto-sensing chooses the fastest connections possible on your 10/100 Mbps wide area network and four local area network portsThe product is multiple voltage compatible that voltage arrange is100-240V Amazon.com From the Manufacturer Up the Speed of Your Wireless Network NETGEAR's Cable/DSL 54 Mbps Wireless Router lets you experience the blazing-fast network wireless speeds of 54 Mbps ­ up to five times faster than the popular 802.11b wireless network. These higher speeds make it a snap to web surf, download large files, videoconference, stream high-quality digital movies, MP3 music and photos and play online games. This wireless router also works with 802.11b wireless products so you can use it with your existing 802.11b devices and your new 54 Mbps (802.11g*) devices. Auto-sensing chooses the fastest connections possible on your 10/100 Mbps wide area network and four local area network ports. True Firewall (SPI) advanced security provides maximum protection from professional hackers. URL blocking and e-mail alerts provide parents with controls to limit access to inappropriate web sites and monitor children's access. Simple to install, you just follow the cues shown on your PC screen and your router will be up and running in no time. Smart Wizard auto-detects and configures for the best ISP connection, while UPnP (Universal Plug and Play) makes it easy to use your computers, gaming consoles and other client devices--wireless and Ethernet--for gaming, instant messaging, and other applications. Powerful High-speeds propel media-rich content across your network in no time. You can conveniently share your cable/DSL connection with many users on your network with or without wires. Delivers 10/100 Mbps (auto-sensing) WAN and LAN connections and interoperability with 54 Mbps (802.11g*) and 11 Mbps (802.11b) devices over a 2.4 GHz band wireless network. Secure A true firewall secures your network against hackers: Stateful Packet Inspection (SPI) and Denial of Service (DoS) attack prevention averts potential threats by scanning incoming traffic and Network Address translation (NAT) shields your networked devices from intruders. Powerful WEP encryption (40/64- or 128-bit) on the wireless LAN conceals your information from eavesdroppers. MAC Address Control prevents unauthorized access to your wireless network. VPN pass-through give secure Internet access to your office or corporate network. A free 8-PC license of Freedom Zero-Knowledge Systems prevents applications from sending your personal information over the Internet and blocks ads. Child Safe Parents are able to limit web access by blocking offensive content and URL addresses, and the router sends real-time email alerts and logs of all network web activity. Comprehensive anti-virus protection ensures safety for your networked computers. Effortless Smart Wizard simplifies setup--it automatically detects and configures your router for virtually all ISP connections. Install Assistant, NETGEAR’s interactive tutorial, gives you simple prompts to guide you through each step of your installation. Applications that support UPnP (Universal Plug-and-Play) may be enabled to automatically interact with users over the Internet. * This product has been designed and developed to the draft IEEE specification for the 802.11g standard. Final ratification is expected in the second half of 2003. Specification is subject to change without notice. See more