Experience a world of extraordinary color with the all-new VIZIO M Series Quantum 55” Class (54. 5” diag.) 4K HDR, Smart TV. The first in class to utilize cutting edge Quantum Dot technology, the award winning M Series Quantum delivers a cinematic color intensity with up to 80% more color than standard 4K TVs. Featuring VIZIO’s Smart Cast 3. 0, streaming, controlling, and sharing your favorites has never been easier. Built on a powerful Active Full Array backlight, VIZIO’s next generation Quantum Color technology produces over a billion shades of colors to create vivid images with hyper realistic details and textures in Dolby Vision HDR. Ultra-Bright 600 delivers bright, detailed highlights at up to 600 nits of brightness, more accurately reproducing the nuances in every picture. And 90 local dimming zones enables deep black levels with stunning depth and contrast, resulting in picture quality that must be seen to be believed. VIZIO’s Smart Cast 3. 0 is the one stop smart TV solution that brings you more of the entertainment you love, thanks to Apple Airplay 2 support and Chromecast Built in. With Apple Airplay, use your iPhone, iPad or Mac to stream movies, shows, music, and photos from iTunes, Apple TV and other Airplay compatible apps to the TV. Browse favorites like Netflix and Hulu right on the TV or enjoy free and unlimited TV from over 150 channels with VIZIO Watch Free. Streaming, controlling, and sharing has never been easier — no extra streaming devices or remotes needed. And every M Series Quantum makes a great smart home companion, with voice control support for Siri, Google Assistant, and Alexa. Power on your TV, stream apps, and much more with simple hands free voice control. With a breathtaking picture and brilliant streaming solutions — the M Series Quantum is the perfect entertainment centerpiece for any home. A Color defined as the color volume measured using Dolby’s MDC (millions of distinguishable colors) specification that factors the range of colors and luminance levels; standard 4K HDR TV features rec709 color, up to 300 nits of brightness and no local dimming.