WD Blue Everyday Storage Mobile Hard Drive Big capacity for portable computing. Trusted engineering Built to WD's highest standards of quality and reliability, WD Blue offers the features and entry-level capacities that are ideal for your computing needs. WD Blue is designed by the brand that you trust with the quality you would expect for a tested, proven, everyday storage solution. A modern classic WD Blue storage is designed and manufactured with technology found in WD's original award-winning desktop and mobile hard drives. WD Blue sets the baseline for everyday storage by consistently delivering improved performance over previous generations while successfully maintaining WD's quality and reliability for over six generations. The difference is that our colors never fade, generation after generation. Your power of choice WD Blue is available in a broad range of entry-level capacities, cache sizes, form factors and interfaces so you can be sure there's a drive that's the perfect fit for your system. However, not all hard drives are created equally and for your applications that demand more, WD gives you the power of choice. Product Features Drive with confidence We perform tests on hundreds of systems, configurations, and a multitude of platforms in our FIT Lab to give our customers the confidence that our drives will work in their systems for the ultimate compatibility. WD Blue allows you to use our drive with confidence, knowing that our storage advancements such as NoTouch Ramp Load technology are proven and reliable everyday solutions. NoTouch Ramp Load technology The recording head never touches the disk media ensuring significantly less wear to the recording head and media as well as better drive protection in transit. Upgrading your drive is easy WD Acronis TrueImage, available as a free download on the WD Support site, enables you to copy all your data to a new drive so you don't have to reinstall your operating system to get all the benefits of a new drive. The WD advantage WD puts our products through extensive Functional Integrity Testing (F.I.T.) prior to any product launch. On average, each new product goes through 600,000 hours of testing. WD also has a detailed Knowledge Base with more than 1,000 helpful articles. You can also call toll-free support 7 days per week in the U.S. and Canada. See the WD Support site for full details. Ideal for: Family and business computing Family and business computing Adding storage in notebooks or external enclosures Adding storage in notebooks or external enclosures Adding extra storage space for photos, videos and music Adding extra storage space for photos, videos and music Features at a glance Solid performance and reliability Solid performance and reliability Built to the highest standards of quality Built to the highest standards of quality WD-certified packaging All WD drives purchased from Amazon.com are shipped in WD-certified hard drive packaging. It is designed and fully tested to provide WD products with the highest of safety while in transit. With WD-certified packaging, you can rest assured that your WD hard drive will arrive safely, fully protected, in a non-descript, easy-open package. Recommended use WD Blue storage is tested and recommended for use in notebooks, external enclosures and certain industrial applications. You might also consider: 2.5-inch InternalComparison Chart WD Blue WD Green WD Black WD Black 2 WD Red Big capacity for portable computing. Cool, quiet operation with massive capacity. Desktop-class performance for notebook computers. The must have solution for your single-bay PC. The right drive for personal, home or small office NAS. Ideal for Notebooks, external enclosures and certain industrial applications. Custom-built enclosures and other applications that require cool and quiet operation. Notebook computers. Notebooks and all-in-one computers. Personal, home and small office, 1-5 bay NAS systems. Type HDD HDD HDD Dual Drive HDD Capacity range 250 GB – 1 TB 1.5 TB – 2 TB 160 GB – 750 GB 120 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD 750 GB – 1 TB Interface SATA 6 Gb/s SATA 3 Gb/s SATA 6 Gb/s SATA 3 Gb/s SATA 6 Gb/s SATA 3 Gb/s SATA 6 Gb/s SATA 6 Gb/s Form factor 2.5-inch 2.5-inch 2.5-inch 2.5-inch 2.5-inch Height 7 mm9.5 mm 15 mm 9.5 mm 9.5 mm 9.5 mm Cache 8 MB16 MB 8 MB 16 MB n/a 16 MB Highest notebook capacity Highest performance Photo/video editing Network Storage Systems