Product Description The AF-S NIKKOR 24-70mm f/2.8E ED VR improves upon nearly every aspect of its acclaimed predecessor-sharpness, speed, consistency, control and durability plus vibration Reduction image stabilization technology-and the results are stunning. A truly versatile wide-angle to short telephoto lens characterized by its constant f/2.8 maximum aperture and electromagnetic aperture mechanism, The revised optical design incorporates a unique aspherical extra-low dispersion element, in addition to three aspherical, two extra-low dispersion, and one high refractive index elements, to help reduce chromatic aberrations and distortions throughout the zoom range pair it with a Nikon full-frame high-resolution DSLR, and achieve new levels of sharpness and clarity. From Studio work to field assignments, environmental to events, stills to HD video, when chasing the decisive moment, you'll always know which lens to grab.Features: optical precision to the edge of the frame - a first for NIKKOR lenses, A new aspherical extra-low dispersion (ASP/ED) element is paired with traditional as, ED and HRI elements for a thrilling new level of optical precision. Photos and videos take on a beautiful balance of sharpness and soft blur effects, virtually free of flare, ghosting, coma, chromatic or spherical aberration, even at the far edges of the frame. For those who thrive on image quality, The AF-S NIKKOR 24-70mm f/2.8E ED VR delivers.Versatility, speed and durability - 24-70mm is the sweet spot of the zoom range for many photographers, great for everything from landscapes and studio work to weddings and press events. The F/2.8 constant aperture allows for faster shutter speeds to freeze fast action, renders a beautiful bokeh blur and performs brilliantly in low light. Add an electromagnetic diaphragm for fast auto-exposure control plus the protection of Nikon Fluorine Coat on the front and rear glass, and you've got the ultimate workhorse for nearly any situation.4.0 stops of vibration. When using vibration reduction, press the shutter-release button halfway and wait for the image in the viewfi nder to stabilize before pressing the shutter-release button the rest of the way down Meet your new must-have lens, the evolution of a legendary workhorse. The AF-S NIKKOR 24-70mm f/2.8E ED VR improves upon nearly every aspect of its acclaimed predecessor sharpness, speed, consistency, control and durability plus Vibration Reduction image stabilization technology and the results are stunning. Pair it with a Nikon full-frame high-resolution DSLR, and achieve new levels of sharpness and clarity. From studio work to field assignments, environmental to events, stills to HD video, when chasing the decisive moment, you'll always know which lens to grab. A first for NIKKOR lenses, a new Aspherical Extra-Low Dispersion (ASP/ED) element is paired with traditional AS, ED and HRI elements for a thrilling new level of optical precision. Photos and videos take on a beautiful balance of sharpness and soft blur effects, virtually free of flare, ghosting, coma, chromatic or spherical aberration, even at the far edges of the frame. For those who thrive on image quality, the AF-S NIKKOR 24-70mm f/2.8E ED VR delivers. 24-70mm is the sweet spot of the zoom range for many photographers, great for everything from landscapes and studio work to weddings and press events. The f/2.8 constant aperture allows for faster shutter speeds to freeze fast action, renders a beautiful bokeh blur and performs brilliantly in low light. Add an electromagnetic diaphragm for fast auto-exposure control plus the protection of Nikon's fluorine coat on the front and rear glass, and you've got the ultimate workhorse for nearly any situation. To complete the evolution, the AF-S NIKKOR 24-70mm f/2.8E ED VR also includes Nikon's Vibration Reduction image stabilization technology. It reduces camera shake and vibration up to ~4.0 stops*. Capture sharp, steady handheld stills and HD videos, and shoot at slower shutter speeds in low-light situations without sacrificing sharpness. Versatility, enhanced. *Based on CIPA Standard. This value is achieved when: FX-format compatible lenses are attached to an FX-format digital SLR camera and zoom lenses are set at the maximum telephoto position. From the Manufacturer Stunning performance. Newfound inspiration. Meet your new must-have lens, the evolution of a legendary workhorse. The AF-S NIKKOR 24-70mm f/2.8E ED VR improves upon nearly every aspect of its acclaimed predecessor sharpness, speed, consistency, control and durability plus Vibration Reduction image stabilization technology and the results are stunning. Pair it with a Nikon full-frame high-resolution DSLR, and achieve new levels of sharpness and clarity. From studio work to field assignments, environmental to events, stills to HD video, when chasing the decisive moment, you'll always know which lens to grab. In pursuit of ultimate image quality Optical precision to the edge of the frame A first for NIKKOR lenses, a new Aspherical Extra-Low Dispersion (ASP/ED) element is paired with traditional AS, ED and HRI elements for a thrilling new level of optical precision. Photos and videos take on a beautiful balance of sharpness and soft blur effects, virtually free of flare, ghosting, coma, chromatic or spherical aberration, even at the far edges of the frame. For those who thrive on image quality, the AF-S NIKKOR 24-70mm f/2.8E ED VR delivers. The go-to lens Versatility, speed and durability 24-70mm is the sweet spot of the zoom range for many photographers, great for everything from landscapes and studio work to weddings and press events. The f/2.8 constant aperture allows for faster shutter speeds to freeze fast action, renders a beautiful bokeh blur and performs brilliantly in low light. Add an electromagnetic diaphragm for fast auto-exposure control plus the protection of Nikon's fluorine coat on the front and rear glass, and you've got the ultimate workhorse for nearly any situation. Steadier than ever 4.0 stops of Vibration Reduction* To complete the evolution, the AF-S NIKKOR 24-70mm f/2.8E ED VR also includes Nikon's Vibration Reduction image stabilization technology. It reduces camera shake and vibration up to ~4.0 stops*. Capture sharp, steady handheld stills and HD videos, and shoot at slower shutter speeds in low-light situations without sacrificing sharpness. Versatility, enhanced. *Based on CIPA Standard. This value is achieved when: FX-format compatible lenses are attached to an FX-format digital SLR camera and zoom lenses are set at the maximum telephoto position. Set Contains: AF-S NIKKOR 24-70mm f/2.8E ED VR AF-S NIKKOR 24-70mm f/2.8E ED VR LC-82 82mm Snap-On Front Lens Cap LC-82 82mm Snap-On Front Lens Cap LF-4 Rear Lens Cap LF-4 Rear Lens Cap HB-74 Bayonet Hood HB-74 Bayonet Hood CL-M3 Semi-soft Lens Case CL-M3 Semi-soft Lens Case Warranty Card Warranty Card