Product Description My Passport offers up to 1 TB capacity in an amazingly small enclosure. It features ultra-fast USB 3.0 connectivity; compatibility with USB 2.0; automatic, backup software; and password protection and hardware encryption to help protect your files from unauthorized use. From the Manufacturer My Passport Portable Hard Drive – Mini drive. Mega capacity. Multi colors. My Passport offers high capacity in a sleek portable drive. It features ultra-fast USB 3.0 connectivity; automatic, backup software; and password protection and hardware encryption to help protect your files from unauthorized use with plenty of room to store all your files. Automatic backup WD's automatic, continuous backup software works quietly in the background to help protect your data using minimal PC resources. Whenever you add or change a file, it's instantly backed up. High capacity, sleek design Offering high capacity in a compact drive, My Passport is the ideal companion for anyone with lots of videos, photos, music, and files that they want to help protect and take on the road. Password protection secures your drive Use WD Security to set password protection and hardware encryption and protect your files from unauthorized use or access. Ultra-fast transfer rates - When connected to a USB 3.0 port, My Passport lets you access and save files in blazing speed. Reduce transfer time by up to 3 times when compared to USB 2.0 transfer rates.* *Performance may vary based on user's hardware and system configuration. USB 3.0 and USB 2.0 compatibility - With this single drive you get compatibility with your USB 2.0 devices today and the ultra-fast speed of USB 3.0 when you’re ready to step up to the next generation. Automatic, continuous backup software - WD's automatic backup software works quietly in the background to help protect your data using minimal PC resources. Whenever you add or change a file, it’s instantly backed up. WD Security - WD Security utility allows you to set password protection and hardware encryption for your drive to protect your files from unauthorized use or access. WD Drive Utilities - Register your drive, set drive timer, run diagnostics and more using WD Drive Utilities. USB-powered - Powered directly from the USB port on your PC. No separate power supply is needed. WD quality inside and out - We know your data is important to you. So we build the drive inside to our demanding requirements for durability, shock tolerance, and long-term reliability. Then we protect the drive with a durable enclosure designed for style and protection. Ideal for Transferring files in blazing fast speed with USB 3.0 Transferring files in blazing fast speed with USB 3.0 Connecting to USB 2.0 devices today and USB 3.0 devices when you're ready Connecting to USB 2.0 devices today and USB 3.0 devices when you're ready Backing up your files with automatic, continuous backup software Backing up your files with automatic, continuous backup software Securing your files from unauthorized access with password protection and hardware encryption Securing your files from unauthorized access with password protection and hardware encryption Adding extra storage for your videos, music, photos, and files Adding extra storage for your videos, music, photos, and files Connecting and powering through your USB 3.0 or USB 2.0 interface Connecting and powering through your USB 3.0 or USB 2.0 interface What's in the box Portable hard drive, Automatic backup software, WD Security software, WD Drive Utilities software, USB cable, Quick Install Guide. Compatibility Formatted NTFS for Windows XP, Windows Vista, or Windows 7 Requires reformatting for Mac OS X Leopard or Snow Leopard, or Lion Note: Compatibility may vary depending on user's hardware configuration and operating system. For more great WD products, visit the Western Digital Store at Amazon.com