Fondue Made Easy! Your party is sure to be a success with the elegant brushed stainless Cuisinart Electric Fondue Set! The 3-quart nonstick pot will accommodate all of your favorite fondue recipes, including chocolate, cheese, broth or oil. So call the family, or invite friends over to relax with a variety of great-tasting fondues, then enjoy easy, dishwasher safe cleanup. Product Parts Eight individual fondue forks Eight individual fondue forks Fondue ring Fondue ring Fondue bowl Fondue bowl Qt. Stainless steel bowl with nonstick interior Qt. Stainless steel bowl with nonstick interior Brushed stainless steel housing Brushed stainless steel housing Adjustable temperature control probe Product Features 3-quart capacity Dishwasher-safe fondue pot 1000 watts of power Nonstick interior Adjustable temperature probe with eight settings Eight fondue forks Stainless steel fork ring Instruction/Recipe book Limited 3-year warranty About the Fondue PotThe fun of fondue gets a sleek and convenient makeover with the Cuisinart Electric Fondue Pot. Designed for use with oil, broth, chocolate, or cheese, the set combines powerful electric heat with easy temperature control and handsome but tidy construction. The 3-quart stainless-steel bowl is lined with nonstick coating for keeping heated foods from sticking, and the stand, bowl, ring, and temperature probe all assemble and disassemble easily. A combination of finishes—brushed on the bowl and ring, mirror on the stand and handles—gives the unit a contemporary flair. Heat up is efficient here--getting oil to 375 degrees F takes between 10 and 15 minutes. Best of all, you can change the temperature setting with a simple turn of the dial to adjust for different ingredients or the passage of time. For clean up, run the entire set (temperature probe and cord removed, of course) through the dishwasher. A set of eight color-coded fondue forks is also included. Fully assembled, the fondue maker stands 6-1/4 inches high; the bowl is 8-1/4 inches in diameter at the opening. Adjustable temperature control probe Product Features 3-quart capacity 3-quart capacity Dishwasher-safe fondue pot Dishwasher-safe fondue pot 1000 watts of power 1000 watts of power Nonstick interior Nonstick interior Adjustable temperature probe with eight settings Adjustable temperature probe with eight settings Eight fondue forks Eight fondue forks Stainless steel fork ring Stainless steel fork ring Instruction/Recipe book Instruction/Recipe book Limited 3-year warranty About the Fondue PotThe fun of fondue gets a sleek and convenient makeover with the Cuisinart Electric Fondue Pot. Designed for use with oil, broth, chocolate, or cheese, the set combines powerful electric heat with easy temperature control and handsome but tidy construction. The 3-quart stainless-steel bowl is lined with nonstick coating for keeping heated foods from sticking, and the stand, bowl, ring, and temperature probe all assemble and disassemble easily. A combination of finishes—brushed on the bowl and ring, mirror on the stand and handles—gives the unit a contemporary flair. Heat up is efficient here--getting oil to 375 degrees F takes between 10 and 15 minutes. Best of all, you can change the temperature setting with a simple turn of the dial to adjust for different ingredients or the passage of time. For clean up, run the entire set (temperature probe and cord removed, of course) through the dishwasher. A set of eight color-coded fondue forks is also included. Fully assembled, the fondue maker stands 6-1/4 inches high; the bowl is 8-1/4 inches in diameter at the opening. Limited 3-year warranty About the Fondue Pot The fun of fondue gets a sleek and convenient makeover with the Cuisinart Electric Fondue Pot. Designed for use with oil, broth, chocolate, or cheese, the set combines powerful electric heat with easy temperature control and handsome but tidy construction. The 3-quart stainless-steel bowl is lined with nonstick coating for keeping heated foods from sticking, and the stand, bowl, ring, and temperature probe all assemble and disassemble easily. A combination of finishes—brushed on the bowl and ring, mirror on the stand and handles—gives the unit a contemporary flair. Heat up is efficient here--getting oil to 375 degrees F takes between 10 and 15 minutes. Best of all, you can change the temperature setting with a simple turn of the dial to adjust for different ingredients or the passage of time. For clean up, run the entire set (temperature probe and cord removed, of course) through the dishwasher. A set of eight color-coded fondue forks is also included. Fully assembled, the fondue maker stands 6-1/4 inches high; the bowl is 8-1/4 inches in diameter at the opening.