Now any room can look great and smell fresh too! The innovative technology is embedded in the fabric to continuously neutralize unpleasant odors created by cooking, pets, smoke, must and mold. Decorate your home with the fashionable style of naturally flowing curtains while enjoying the benefits of Curtain Fresh odor-neutralizing technology. The ultimate blend of fashion, function and design - Curtain Fresh odor-neutralizing curtains help freshen any room in the home. Now you can feel confident that everyday odors are being tackled, even when you’re not at home. Hang Curtain Fresh curtains in the room where your pets sleep to help remove pet odors all day long. Provide additional privacy for your dogs, cats or birds during the day, while continuously neutralizing odors. Enjoy a fresher kitchen, baby’s room, bathroom, playroom and bedroom with Curtain Fresh odor-neutralizing curtains.This odor-neutralizing household solution is created through a photocatalytic process that converts unpleasant odors into water vapor and carbon dioxide.This process causes airborne pollutants and odorous substances to degrade and neutralize. Additionally, results from independent third-party testing show that Curtain Fresh curtains continuously neutralize odors and retain their properties for up to five years, allowing for one washing per year. The ultimate cleaning solution, the odor neutralizing technology was developed in partnership with the makers of Arm & Hammer , the trusted name in cleaning, freshening and deodorizing products for the home. Curtains feature decorative antiqued metal grommets which add contemporary style and allow for easy open and close. White and Ivory colors are also available in rod pocket style. Hang two or more sheer panels on a decorative rod for optimal coverage. Perfect for bedroom, living room, dining room and kitchen. Add a layer of Curtain Fresh sheer voile panels to enhance the look, functionality and privacy of any existing window treatments. Curtains offered in extended lengths including 63”, 84”, 95”, 108” and 120” all in an extra-wide 59” panel. Sold as one sheer panel per package. Decorative rod sold separately. 100% Polyester. Imported.