Wrap yourself in these luxurious and comfortable Turkish towels which also bring an elegant look to your bathrooms. Modern design gives a perfect upscale look and is durable for everyday use. You'll feel confident hanging and display this soft and elegantly designed towel in any style of bathroom.  After every wash, our towels give you gentle softness to your skin and make you feel pleasure for every bath. Our thirsty terry bath towels elegantly designed and made from 100% Ring Spun Turkish Cotton, are fade resistant, highly absorbent, leaves low lint, extra fluffy, which makes you feel luxurious and revive your everyday mundane bath experience. These bath towels available in multiple colors and made with extra long staple Turkish cotton fibers which stretch long-lasting softness for many years to come. Great Present: Can you think of a better gift to give or receive than fresh bath towels? Best choice to treat yourself, your family, and house guests with soft and fluffy bath towels, also makes you confident enough to hang in any style of bathroom. Great gift for everyone in your shopping list for every occasion, perfect for holidays, as a housewarming gift, a wedding present, mother's day gifts, engagement gifts, bridal shower, birthday, Christmas, and homecoming. Surprise your mom, sister, daughter, dad, or friend with these glamorous, useful, and budget-friendly towels.  Coordinated look: You can easily set the mood in the bathroom by matching the towel color to the overall design theme or color scheme in each bathroom. Size Chart: Bath Towel: Most Common everyday towels ( 27" x 54" inches) Bath Towel: Most Common everyday towels ( 27" x 54" inches) Bath Sheets: Oversized for more coverage ( 35" X 70" inches) Bath Sheets: Oversized for more coverage ( 35" X 70" inches) Wash Cloth: Used to wash hands, body, and face in and out of the shower ( 13"x13" inches) Wash Cloth: Used to wash hands, body, and face in and out of the shower ( 13"x13" inches) Hand Towel: Used to dry hands and as decorative accents (16" x 30" inches) Hand Towel: Used to dry hands and as decorative accents (16" x 30" inches)