Features: 1. The BLACK CLIPS restrain the clothespins from sliding, hence, keep clothes safe from sliding to the center. Clothes stay in position and dry up instantly. They also can be moved smoothly by press and hold the little button on the top of the clips 1. The BLACK CLIPS restrain the clothespins from sliding, hence, keep clothes safe from sliding to the center. Clothes stay in position and dry up instantly. They also can be moved smoothly by press and hold the little button on the top of the clips 2. With 12pcs clothespins for hanging towels, socks, underwear, bathing suits and any other lightweight clothes such as T-shirt. Not for heavy clothes such as coats, jeans etc. 2. With 12pcs clothespins for hanging towels, socks, underwear, bathing suits and any other lightweight clothes such as T-shirt. Not for heavy clothes such as coats, jeans etc. 3. Lightweight, portable and very sturdy. Only weighs 7 ounces making it highly portable for traveling and camping, as well as home use. 3. Lightweight, portable and very sturdy. Only weighs 7 ounces making it highly portable for traveling and camping, as well as home use. 4. Super easy to install. The cord is expandable/stretchable and the steel hooks allow you attach your line almost anywhere. No training is required, and installation is only a matter of minutes 4. Super easy to install. The cord is expandable/stretchable and the steel hooks allow you attach your line almost anywhere. No training is required, and installation is only a matter of minutes 5. Stretched up to 10 feet 5. Stretched up to 10 feet Material: Hooks and Clothespins: Stainless Steel Hooks and Clothespins: Stainless Steel Clothesline: Bungee Cord Clothesline: Bungee Cord Black Clips: Hard Plastic Black Clips: Hard Plastic Specification: Bungee Cord: 70"(L) x 1/6"(Diameter) Bungee Cord: 70"(L) x 1/6"(Diameter) Clothespin: 2 1/6"(L) x 2/3"(W) x 1 1/3"(H) Clothespin: 2 1/6"(L) x 2/3"(W) x 1 1/3"(H) Zipper Closed Package: 7 2/5"(L) x 6 1/3"(W) Zipper Closed Package: 7 2/5"(L) x 6 1/3"(W) Item Weight: 7oz/pc Item Weight: 7oz/pc Shipping Weigt: 14oz Shipping Weigt: 14oz Package: 2 x Clothesline