Cuisinart French Classic Tri-Ply Stainless Fry Pan Cuisinart first produced cookware in France over 35 years ago. Today Cuisinart honors that rich heritage with French Classic Stainless Steel French Fry Pans. This beautifully designed stainless steel tri-ply constructed skillet reflects the quality of the world’s best kitchens. Now you can perform all of the classic cooking techniques in your own home, and create a lifetime of wonderful meals and memories with Cuisinart. Superior Performance Cuisinart’s new French Classic Stainless Cookware provides consumers with everything they need to create world class meals at home. A pure aluminum core enveloped by solid stainless steel ensures professional performance, and Heat Surround™ Technology allows heat to be evenly distributed along the bottom and up the side walls of the cookware. Stay-cool, contoured stainless handles provide a comfortable grip and a unique thumb rest allows for superb control and aids in lifting. Versatility This multipurpose cookware collection can be used on the stovetop, in the oven and under the broiler (oven-safe to 500 degree F), and is also freezer-safe, dishwasher-safe and induction-ready. French Classic Cookware allows home cooks to create everything from multi-course Parisian-inspired feasts to everyday family meals. Product Features Made in France Tri-ply stainless steel cookware set made in France to the highest standards of the world’s finest kitchens. Professional Triple Ply Stainless Three-layer design ensures optimal heat. A pure aluminum core enveloped by pure stainless steel provides professional performance. Exceptional Heat Heat Surround Technology allows heat to be evenly distributed along the bottom and side walls of the cookware. Stay-Cool Stainless Handles Contoured, stainless stick handles remain cool and provide a comfortable grip. Unique thumb ret for ultimate control, and professionally riveted for durability. Induction Ready Suitable for use on induction stovetops. Comfortable Handling Solid stainless steel side grips ensure a lifetime of balanced cooking and easy lifting. Covers Seal in Nutrients Tightfitting stainless lids seal in moisture and nutrients for healthier, more flavorful results everytime you cook. Wide cover handle makes gripping lids simple. Versatile Performance Use on stovetop, in the oven, or under the broiler. Oven safe to 500 degrees and freezer safe for food storage. Classic Convenience Dishwasher-safe cookware that retains its brilliant finish. Dishwasher Safe