Description Benefits Guarantee What's in the Box (NEW FEATURES) EASY ONE TOUCH BUTTON OPERATION You no longer have to hold down the button to mix your coffee - just simply tap the button to turn your frother on and off. Experience the power and ease! This Milk Boss Milk Frother's thicker design gives you a more comfortable grip. We’ve also changed the battery compartment to lay the batteries side by side instead of stacked to make it easier to put them in and take them out. MATCHA WHISKING, KETO COFFEE & MORE Customers say our electric handheld frother works better than a manual matcha whisk for making matcha tea and works better than a fork or whisk for keto bulletproof coffee. It works very well to mix nutritious protein powder drinks without having to use a blender. Use our electric milk frother for your whisking and mixing needs. Give healthy shakes and smoothies a kick by adding whey powder or other flavor extracts. PROVEN AND TRUSTED QUALITY We use only premium materials. The construction will last, backed by our Zulay Guarantee, to not rust or break ever. Our small and efficient frother works on all types of milk - half and half, creamer, soy, almond, cashew, hazelnut, whole milk, and other dairy such as butter or cream. EASY TO CLEAN AND STORE The durable, convenient metal stand gives easy access for foamy goodness in seconds. Cleanup for this matcha whisk and frother is even faster. To clean just put the whisk in hot running water and briefly turn it on – instantly clean! When stored on a counter or table it sits nicely next to other coffee accessories and looks great in any kitchen. Our powerful and durable hand-held milk frother is powered by two AA batteries (not included) with a compact electric design that easily fits anywhere in your kitchen. Enjoy a cappuccino, macchiato, or latte at home every day, and save $Money$ with the Milk Boss handheld electric battery-operated milk frother. Why spend your hard-earned dollars in the coffee shop when our premium milk frother makes amazing foamy, frothy beverages in the comfort of your home? The MilkBoss is a powerful handheld battery-powered rapid mixer milk frother. Use hot or cold milk. For hot beverages, just microwave the milk or heat up quickly in a pan. Easy to Use Just take it off the stand, put it in the milk, press the button, and move up and down for 15-30 seconds. It’s made to fit very comfortably in your hand. Includes an easy one-touch push button. You will need 2 AA batteries which are not included with the mini mixer. Easy to Clean Simply submerge the whisk in a cup of warm water, hit the button, and it’s clean in seconds! Easy to Clean Simply submerge the whisk in a cup of warm water, hit the button, and it’s clean in seconds! NO HASSLE, KITCHEN HAPPINESS ZULAY GUARANTEE We love and take pride in our milk frother and we back this up with a lifetime guarantee. Have the confidence that this frother will last. If there are ever any issues, just contact us and we will make it right. Order now and be assured that this product will live up to your expectations, guaranteed. If it does not make your foam exactly how you want it, we got you covered. Happy Frothing. Bulletproof is a registered trademark of Bulletproof 360, Inc. What's In The Box 1. Milk Frother 2. Stainless Steel Stand 3. Your Kitchen Happiness Team Contact Card (Two AA Batteries NOT Included)