Key Product Features: Aquazolax brings warmth and elegance to your home with high-quality thermal blackout window curtains that deliver both fashion and function. The grommet top design enables you to have a beautiful folded look when left partially open. Whenever you want to change your existing decor for a better room makeover, these chic curtains are versatile enough to enhance your space. Light Blocking & Energy Saving:Aquazolax thermal blackout curtains are made of an innovative triple weave technology which is composed of densely high quality polyester black yarn to block out 90% to 99 % of outside light, heat & cold, but still soft. They protect rugs and furniture from fading, prevent from heat escapes, and save on energy costs during every seasons of the year. Light Blocking & Energy Saving: Aquazolax thermal blackout curtains are made of an innovative triple weave technology which is composed of densely high quality polyester black yarn to block out 90% to 99 % of outside light, heat & cold, but still soft. They protect rugs and furniture from fading, prevent from heat escapes, and save on energy costs during every seasons of the year. Noise Reduction & Sleep Smoother:Made of thick but soft fabric, Aquazolax blackout curtains filter approximately 35% of the unwanted noise, ensuring that you sleep smoother during the day. Noise Reduction & Sleep Smoother: Made of thick but soft fabric, Aquazolax blackout curtains filter approximately 35% of the unwanted noise, ensuring that you sleep smoother during the day. Privacy Enhancing:Blackout curtains will stop the outside world from creeping into your private moments so you can enjoy the privacy with family members and friends to the utmost. Privacy Enhancing: Blackout curtains will stop the outside world from creeping into your private moments so you can enjoy the privacy with family members and friends to the utmost. Perfect for: the daytime sleepers who work at night; the daytime sleepers who work at night; light sleepers who will be easily disturbed by the sound on the streets; light sleepers who will be easily disturbed by the sound on the streets; babies that are hard to take a rest during the day; babies that are hard to take a rest during the day; and any afternoon naps. and any afternoon naps. Easy Installation: You can install without any tools-no drill, screws or brackets needed. Just slide through your curtain rod. (Grommets measure 1.6" in diameter). You can install without any tools-no drill, screws or brackets needed. Just slide through your curtain rod. (Grommets measure 1.6" in diameter). Tips: Due to differences in computer monitors, the colors may be slightly different between the actual product and what you see from your screen.