Your bedroom should be your oasis of relaxation where you can forget about the busy day you had. That is why a touch of luxury and glamour is always welcomed, making you feel like a real king or queen. The Aiking Home satin pillowcase set is exactly what you have been missing! With a minimalist design, vivid color and smooth feel, this pillowcase is a must-have for the luxurious bedroom that you deserve. Why is this product for you? The Aiking Home deluxe bedding set is a beautiful and elegant touch for any master or guest bedroom. The hidden zipper and strong yet discrete stitching add extra durability, while the bridal satin fabric is smooth and comfortable. The 16 color options are all vivid and will not fade out. The only thing left for you to do is order the set and enjoy your own moment of luxury. Some of the amazing features of this product: The Aiking Home satin pillowcase is a must-have for a luxurious home The Aiking Home satin pillowcase is a must-have for a luxurious home Made with 400TC, Bridal Satin (100% Polyester) Made with 400TC, Bridal Satin (100% Polyester) Hidden zipper closure and discrete stitching Hidden zipper closure and discrete stitching Pack of 2 solid bridal satin pillowcases Pack of 2 solid bridal satin pillowcases Smooth and soft feel Smooth and soft feel Machine washable with like colors, gentle cycle, do NOT bleach, tumble dry low, warm iron if needed Machine washable with like colors, gentle cycle, do NOT bleach, tumble dry low, warm iron if needed 16 color range 16 color range The colors will not fade out after repeated washing The colors will not fade out after repeated washing Multi-color and Multi-size are Available Standard size 20 x 26 inches, fitting most standard pillow Standard size 20 x 26 inches, fitting most standard pillow Queen size 20 x 30 inches, fitting most queen pillow Queen size 20 x 30 inches, fitting most queen pillow King size 20 x 36 inches, fitting most king pillow King size 20 x 36 inches, fitting most king pillow Don’t hesitate and enjoy the premium bridal satin pillowcases!