Product Description Ginkgo has been designing quality since 1977. A perfect example of this is our Ginkgo Le Prix 20-Piece Stainless Steel Flatware Set, Moss Green, Service for four. The Le Prix pattern was first created for Ginkgo in the late 70's in a small village in Southern France. This original design by Ginkgo has been copied and emulated by many manufacturers all over the world. However, Ginkgo remains the original manufacturer of this flatware. Be rest assured that you are buying the original. This 20-piece place setting includes four each of the following; salad fork, dinner fork, dinner knife, dinner spoon and teaspoon. Made in Korea of 18/0 Stainless Steel. Dishwasher Safe. Ginkgo. Made for your life. Amazon.com Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, and this flatware has been flattered time and again over the past 30 years. This is the original, Le Prix, created for Ginkgo in the late 1970s in a small village in southern France. Now larger and sturdier, the flatware is constructed of 18/8 stainless steel with riveted, high-end plastic handles in a choice of half a dozen colors. Casual, fun, and worry-free, Le Prix sets are perfect for tucking in the picnic basket or camping kit, and pulling out for large gatherings such as family reunions when you want something in-between disposable plastic cutlery and the best silver. The four place settings in this 20-piece starter each consist of an 8-1/2-inch dinner knife, 7-3/4-inch dinner fork, 6-3/4-inch salad fork, 7-3/4-inch soup spoon, and 6-1/2-inch teaspoon. A handy, all-purpose design, the knife blades are not only rounded, to easily spread butter or mayonnaise, but slightly serrated, so you can cut barbecued chicken right off the grill. The handles are break-resistant, and even the white plastic is stain-resistant. Best of all, the flatware is dishwasher-safe. --Ann Bieri What's in the Box 4 place settings. Each place setting consists of: 8-1/2-inch dinner knife; 7-3/4-inch dinner fork; 6-3/4-inch salad fork; 7-3/4-inch soup spoon; 6-1/2-inch teaspoon. 20 pieces total.