Product Description Size:3-in-1 | Color:Silver Product Description Satisfy everyone’s appetites with the BLACK+DECKER 3-in-1 Waffle Maker! One side of the reversible cooking plates features deep grids so you can make four large, fluffy waffles that are prime for your favorite toppings. The other side of the plates is flat so you can use it as a grill for toasting sandwiches and searing large cuts of meat. You can even lay the top of the grill open to get two 8x8” flat griddle surfaces for eggs, bacon, and more! Adjustable temperature controls ensure you have the right amount of heat for whatever you choose to create. Plus, the grease channels along the edges of the grill carry away oily residue, making it easy to craft tasty foods without the extra oils. This BLACK+DECKER 3-in-1 Waffle Maker does it all! Amazon.com A waffle baker, grill, and griddle, this three-in-one appliance comes in handy during breakfast, lunch, dinner, and after school. Key to the unit's versatility are two 8-inch-square cooking plates--one set into the product's bottom and the other into the hinged top. On one side the plates form grids for making four waffles at once. Flipped over to show their flat sides they're capable of top and bottom grilling a sandwich or steak. To create griddle space, the top opens up flat, forming two 8-inch-square cooking surfaces for all foods that love a griddle--such as pancakes, hash browns, and eggs. Channels send grease to spouts in the griddles' corners, where it drains away. Nonstick to release food easily and wipe clean, the cooking plates also can be removed for scrubbing. A heat control offers high, low, and medium temperatures. With its chrome housing and stay-cool black synthetic handles, this 900-watt appliance looks great on the counter. Afterward, the cord wraps around the hinge, plus you can stand the unit upright for compact storage. It measures 11-1/4 inches wide, 5 inches high, and 11-3/4 inches deep and carries a one-year warranty against defects. The plates will be slightly loose when the lid is open but this is normal with waffle/grill makers that are inter changeable.The plates are secured by little metal clips. The clips secure the plates to the griddle. You can take them out and flip them to make waffles.--Fred Brack. Amazon.com A waffle baker, grill, and griddle, this three-in-one appliance comes in handy during breakfast, lunch, dinner, and after school. Key to the unit's versatility are two 8-inch-square cooking plates--one set into the product's bottom and the other into the hinged top. On one side the plates form grids for making four waffles at once. Flipped over to show their flat sides they're capable of top and bottom grilling a sandwich or steak. To create griddle space, the top opens up flat, forming two 8-inch-square cooking surfaces for all foods that love a griddle--such as pancakes, hash browns, and eggs. Channels send grease to spouts in the griddles' corners, where it drains away. Nonstick to release food easily and wipe clean, the cooking plates also can be removed for scrubbing. A heat control offers high, low, and medium temperatures. With its chrome housing and stay-cool black synthetic handles, this 900-watt appliance looks great on the counter. Afterward, the cord wraps around the hinge, plus you can stand the unit upright for compact storage. It measures 11-1/4 inches wide, 5 inches high, and 11-3/4 inches deep and carries a one-year warranty against defects. The plates will be slightly loose when the lid is open but this is normal with waffle/grill makers that are inter changeable.The plates are secured by little metal clips. The clips secure the plates to the griddle. You can take them out and flip them to make waffles. --Fred Brack