Cuisinart Smart Stick Hand Blender You will find blending easier than ever with this Cuisinart Smart Stick hand blender. Pick it up to blend cold drinks, hot soups, and crêpe batter – right in the pitcher, pot or bowl. It’s comfortable to hold, easy to use, and the blending shaft and beaker are dishwasher safe. Enjoy! This Cuisinart Smart Stick Hand Blender is designed to handle a variety of basic tasks. Elegant brushed chrome or a variety of bold colors houses a powerful motor, and the handy “stick” design lets you blend in a pot, bowl, or pitcher. Operation is easy and cleanup is quick. What could be better? What’s your favorite color? Cuisinart Smart Stick Hand Blender now available in a variety of colors. Product Features Powerful 200-watt motor handles more blending tasks Powerful 200-watt motor handles more blending tasks Stick design reaches into pots, pitchers, and bowls to extend blending options Stick design reaches into pots, pitchers, and bowls to extend blending options Ergonomically designed grip offers comfortable hold and more control while blending Ergonomically designed grip offers comfortable hold and more control while blending Operates with a one-touch control for easy, one-handed blending Operates with a one-touch control for easy, one-handed blending Dishwasher-safe blending shaft and beaker make cleanup effortless WarrantyThe Cuisinart Smart Stick Hand Blender has a limited three-year warranty.  Blends drinks, sauces, dressings, dips, purées soup, mixes pancake and crêpe batters in seconds! Features and BenefitsOne Touch On/Off Button: Allows you to activate the hand blender at the touch of a button. Simply press and hold down on the toggle switch to blend or pulse. Once the button is released, blending will stop.Comfort Handle: The handle allows you to control the hand blender with ease. Motor Body Housing: A powerful 200-watt motor operates with an easy one-touch control.Detachable Shaft: By pressing the release button on the back of the unit, the shaft will detach for easy cleaning. Blending Attachment with Stainless Steel Blade and Blade Guard: This attachment easily snaps into the motor body housing. The stainless blade is partially covered by a stainless housing that keeps splashing to a minimum.Mixing Beaker: 2-Cup mixing beaker is microwave-safe and dishwasher-safe. Use this container to blend drinks, shakes, salad dressings and more. Designed for easy gripping and drip-free pouring.Operating the Hand BlenderThe specially designed blade is for mixing and stirring all kinds of foods, including salad dressings, powdered drink products, and sauces. It is ideal for combining dry ingredients, and can be used to emulsify mayonnaise, too. This blade mixes and stirs while adding only a minimum of air to your mixture. A gentle up-and-down motion is all you need to make the most flavorful, full-bodied liquid recipes.CleaningAlways clean the Smart Stick motor body and blending shaft thoroughly after using.Remove the blending shaft from the motor body. Clean the motor body only with a sponge or damp cloth. Do not use abrasive cleaners which could scratch the surface. To clean the blending shaft, wash by hand in hot water using mild detergent, or in the dishwasher. Dishwasher-safe blending shaft and beaker make cleanup effortless Warranty The Cuisinart Smart Stick Hand Blender has a limited three-year warranty. Blends drinks, sauces, dressings, dips, purées soup, mixes pancake and crêpe batters in seconds! Features and Benefits One Touch On/Off Button: Allows you to activate the hand blender at the touch of a button. Simply press and hold down on the toggle switch to blend or pulse. Once the button is released, blending will stop. One Touch On/Off Button: Allows you to activate the hand blender at the touch of a button. Simply press and hold down on the toggle switch to blend or pulse. Once the button is released, blending will stop. Comfort Handle: The handle allows you to control the hand blender with ease. Comfort Handle: The handle allows you to control the hand blender with ease. Motor Body Housing: A powerful 200-watt motor operates with an easy one-touch control. Motor Body Housing: A powerful 200-watt motor operates with an easy one-touch control. Detachable Shaft: By pressing the release button on the back of the unit, the shaft will detach for easy cleaning. Detachable Shaft: By pressing the release button on the back of the unit, the shaft will detach for easy cleaning. Blending Attachment with Stainless Steel Blade and Blade Guard: This attachment easily snaps into the motor body housing. The stainless blade is partially covered by a stainless housing that keeps splashing to a minimum. Blending Attachment with Stainless Steel Blade and Blade Guard: This attachment easily snaps into the motor body housing. The stainless blade is partially covered by a stainless housing that keeps splashing to a minimum. Mixing Beaker: 2-Cup mixing beaker is microwave-safe and dishwasher-safe. Use this container to blend drinks, shakes, salad dressings and more. Designed for easy gripping and drip-free pouring. Mixing Beaker: 2-Cup mixing beaker is microwave-safe and dishwasher-safe. Use this container to blend drinks, shakes, salad dressings and more. Designed for easy gripping and drip-free pouring. Operating the Hand Blender Operating the Hand Blender The specially designed blade is for mixing and stirring all kinds of foods, including salad dressings, powdered drink products, and sauces. It is ideal for combining dry ingredients, and can be used to emulsify mayonnaise, too. This blade mixes and stirs while adding only a minimum of air to your mixture. A gentle up-and-down motion is all you need to make the most flavorful, full-bodied liquid recipes. Cleaning Always clean the Smart Stick motor body and blending shaft thoroughly after using. Remove the blending shaft from the motor body. Clean the motor body only with a sponge or damp cloth. Do not use abrasive cleaners which could scratch the surface. To clean the blending shaft, wash by hand in hot water using mild detergent, or in the dishwasher.