Get the luxury you crave and the ultimate sleep experience that you deserve with Classic Brands 12-Inch Cool Gel Memory Foam Mattress . This luxurious mattress is beautifully tailored with a knit fabric cover with waterfall edges and charcoal gray side panels. The three layers of infused cool gel, breathable poly foam and high-density base foam disperse heat to keep you comfortable all night and conform to your body reducing pressure points, so you can wake up more refreshed and ready to take on the day. The 12-inch profile Cool Gel Mattress has Gel-Infused Memory Foam and is designed for the ultimate in comfort and support. Starting with breathable Cool Gel memory foam, this layer disperses body heat and creates a cooler sleeping surface while retaining the pressure-relieving properties of traditional memory foam. Two layers of Poly Gel-Supportive Foam provides support for the Gel Foam layer. The support base layer maintains the strength and effectiveness of all three layers. Covered with a beautifully detailed corded waterfall edge and knit sides for breathability, the 4-way stretch conforms to your body for comfort working with the top layer of gel memory foam to optimize its contouring properties. Benefits of Gel Memory Foam A gel memory foam mattress can support each part of the body evenly and individually. Gel Memory foam slowly and automatically adjusts to your body weight and temperature. In addition to the slow, conforming response, gel memory foam offers complete, luxurious and stress-free support. Additionally, when you do move in bed, memory foam gently 'fills in' and reshapes itself to your new sleeping posture, cradling every contour of your body. The Latest Gel Memory Foam Technology Gel Memory Foam is a unique material that infuses gel particles into visco-elastic memory foam, creating a plusher and cooler sleeping material. Gel memory foam is more porous or open than conventional foam meaning the cells are interconnected unlike closed cell foam; thereby is more breathable and comfortable than higher density visco-elastic foam. The open-celled physical structure of our foams is self-ventilating. Air travels throughout the material and dissipates body heat regulating your body temperature. Why Buy a Cool Gel Memory Foam Mattress? Cool Gel mattresses with gel infused memory foam disperse body heat and create a cooler sleeping surface while retaining the pressure-relieving properties of traditional memory foam. Tossing and turning are dramatically diminished and disrupted sleep patterns are greatly eliminated so you can sleep longer without moving and enjoy the benefits of a deeper, more restful sleep pattern. Adjustable Base Friendly Classic Brands 12-Inch Cool Gel Memory Foam Mattress is adjustable base friendly, which means it is the best choice to be paired up with an adjustable base instead of a traditional bed frame for added lifestyle and health benefits. The mattress is flexible and durable enough that it will maintain the support and integrity even after bending with the adjustable base. CertiPUR-US Certified Classic Brands gel memory foam mattresses are CertiPUR-US Certified. The CertiPUR-US program is a voluntary testing, analysis and certification program for flexible polyurethane foam used as a cushioning material in home furnishings such as adult mattresses, crib mattresses, upholstered furniture and some accessory comfort products. Certified flexible polyurethane foams have been independently laboratory tested. Get it Right the First Time It is also a good idea to know the size and the height of your mattress ahead of time to make sure you are ordering the correct size. Keep in mind that you should combine the height of your bed frame, foundation, or adjustable bed base with the height of your mattress to get a gauge of the how tall your sleep system will be. Twin Size - 39" W x 75" L x 12" H Twin XL Size - 39" W x 80" L x 12" H Full Size - 54" W x 75" L x 12" H Queen Size – 60" W x 80" L x 12" H King Size – 76" W x 80" L x 12" H California King Size – 72" W x 84" L x 12" H Classic Brands Smart Packaging Classic Brands also uses Smart Packaging. Smart packaging reduces the carbon footprint in the manufacturers shipping process. Our advanced packaging technology means we can roll-pack our mattresses and ship them at one-third of the normal size. Because of this process, we can ship more mattresses per delivery and reduce the amount of carbon emissions. A mattress that is roll-packed still retains its initial quality, as each will quickly recover and return to its original shape after being removed from its packaging. Quality Assurance The Classic Brands 12-Inch Cool Gel Memory Foam Mattress is backed with a 10-year worry-free warranty. Look for more innovative specialty sleep products from Classic Brands.