Oster Blender | Pro 1200 with Glass Jar, 24-Ounce Smoothie Cup, Brushed NickelBlending just got better with the Oster Pro 1200 Plus. You can make everything fresh and delicious with this blender's versatility and performance. The powerful motor impresses any chef as it blends through ice, greens, frozen ingredients and more. Starting up with an extra boost at 1200 power watts, it works with blending force to smoothly and continuously create the consistency you need. Smart settings are conveniently programmed to blend the perfect smoothies, salsas and milkshakes in just one touch so you never have to guess how long or what speed to blend your ingredients. The wide base allows foods to flow freely down to the blade and dual direction technology spins the Crush Pro 6 Blade in forward and reverse motion, optimizing the blade's power to blend all types of foods. Better blending tip: Cut up fresh fruit ingredients and freeze in individual portions, then just grab out of the freezer and blend up a smoothie in no time.Oster 2-Slice Touchscreen Toaster with Easy Touch Technology and Digital Countdown Timer, Black, Stainless Steel, 2-SliceThe Oster 2-Slice Stainless Steel Digital Touchscreen Toaster toasts your bread to perfection. The intuitive interface is incredibly responsive, and lets you program toasting with a single touch. The quick-check lever elevates food to check browning throughout the toasting cycle without interruption and helps easily remove toast when it's done. A digital countdown timer shows your toast's progress and counts down the time remaining in the toasting cycle so you will know exactly when it will be ready to enjoy. This touchscreen toaster has 6 toast shade settings, with a toasting shade for every taste. This Oster toaster includes a removable crumb tray for easy cleaning. This 2-slice toaster has 3 different functions including Bagel, Reheat, and Frozen. The Bagel function delicately toasts your bagel to perfection. Reheat lowers the slice back into the slots to reheat without re-toasting. Frozen lets you defrost your bread before toasting.