View larger View larger Why Purify Air? We eat organic food, drink filtered water and clean with anti-bacterial products. What about the air you and your family breathe? Indoor air may be up to 5 times more polluted than outdoor air, according to the EPA. Americans spend an estimated 90 percent of their time indoors. Children and the elderly are especially sensitive to air pollution. Most pollutants are microscopic and can easily pass through the nose or throat directly into the lungs. The good news is … you can help protect yourself and your family from indoor air pollution. Aer1 System Advantage Aer1 disposable filters trap and lock up to 99.97% of dust and other harmful airborne allergens before they settle in your home. Breathe cleaner, fresher indoor air with the aer1 system. Aer1 ALLERGEN Remover Air Filter The Allergen Remover Filter from Aer1 is ideal for allergy sufferers. With True HEPA filtration is removes up to 99.7% of airborne allergens. It even captures allergens and pollutants such as; mold, dust, dust mites debris, pet dander, even smoke that may cause coughing or sneezing. It is great for bedrooms to reduce airbone allergence, dust mites and mold that may cause you to cough or sneeze and disturb your sleep. When to Replace Your Filter? HEPA filter needs to be replaced every 12-18 months depending on usage. Do you need to clean your filter? This filter requires no cleaning - simply toss your dirty filter into the garbage. Cleaning permanent filters can be a dirty process of hard-to-reach crevices, and it releases dust into the air that you can breathe in. See chart below for additional Aer1 Filter types depending on your home environment. View larger Why Aer1? Aer1 filters are proven to be 30% more effective at capturing dust and airborne particles from air passing through the filter. Aer1 filters are proven to be 30% more effective at capturing dust and airborne particles from air passing through the filter. Deliver the HIGHEST CADR CLEANING POWER amongst leading brands. Deliver the HIGHEST CADR CLEANING POWER amongst leading brands. Helps optimize air cleaning performance – simply by replacing your aer1 filter regularly. Helps optimize air cleaning performance – simply by replacing your aer1 filter regularly. Customized effectiveness to your needs – dust, odor and allergen. Customized effectiveness to your needs – dust, odor and allergen. Air Purifcation Made Easy CADR - Clean Air Deliver Rate. This is the amount of clean air measured in cubic feet per minute that an air cleaner delivers to a room. (See chart above for Aer1). HEPA - High Efficiency Particulate Air. It was a technology developed in the 1940’s by the U. S. Atomic Energy Commission to full-fill a top-secret need for an efficient way to filter radioactive particulate contaminants. HEPA is a type of highly efficient filtration media that removes microscopic particles from air passing through the filter. There are different ranges of efficiencies depending on the particle size. The most efficient form of HEPA removes 99.97% of particles with a size of 0.3 microns that pass through the filter. A HEPA air purifier will not capture chemical gasses. Compare Products Total Air Filter View larger Allergen Remover Air Filter View larger Odor Eiminator Air Filter View larger Performance Plus Air Filter View larger Smoke Grabber Air Filter View larger Captures allergens and pollutants: pollens, dust, dust mite debris, mold, pet dander, and smoke ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Infused with Arm & Hammer Baking Soda to help reduce household odors ✓ ✓ ✓ Ideal for reducing odors from pets, tobacco smoke, cooking fumes and other unpleasant household odors ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Compatible with Bionaire Units: BAP260, BAP815, BAP825, BAP9200, BAP9700, BAP520 ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Compatible with Holmes Units: CAP531-U, CAP529-U, HAP240, HAP242, HAP412, HAP422, HAP424, HAP706, HAP716, HAP9240, HAP9242, HAP9412, HAP9414, HAP9422, HAP9424 ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓