Vitamix E310 Explorian Blender, Professional-Grade, 48 oz. Container, Blackp>Vitamix fuels passions. It’s why we’re the brand most trusted by professional chefs. But you won’t just find us in restaurant kitchens. You’ll also find us in home kitchens around the world. Because whether you’re interested in the culinary arts, making healthier choices, or enjoying restaurant-quality smoothies at home—when you’re ready to move on and move up, when you’re ready to invest in your passion, you’re ready for Vitamix. Built to Last A bargain blender's not a bargain if it doesn't last. We know purchasing a Vitamix blender is an investment. But Vitamix blenders are built to last, helping you buy dependable, not disposable. Easy to Clean Just blend warm water and a drop of dish soap at your machine's highest speed, and watch it self-clean in 60 seconds or less - no disassembly required. The Difference Is in the Blend Since the number-one reason people purchase a blender is to make smoothies, it’s important to get them right. Whether you prefer an icy blend or a perfectly smooth purée, nutrition-packed with veggies or a light, fruity treat, Vitamix smoothies give you a delicious, even blend in every sip. Power We don’t aim to have the highest horsepower. You don’t need more horses; you need trained ones. The focused power of our complete blending system causes every component of the Vitamix machine to work together, creating faster, smoother blends packed with flavor. The Universal Tool Make smoothies & juices, hot soups, flours & dough, nut butter, frozen desserts, batters, dressings & sauces, non-dairy milks, and more. Manufactured in Cleveland, Ohio USA Vitamix Personal Cup Adapter - 61724With the Personal Cup Adapter, you can now blend individual smoothies and juices, homemade dressings and marinades, or quickly chop ingredients for any recipe. Blend single servings and immediately take them to go. No waste, no clean-up-just the perfect way to enjoy your favorite drinksFor use with Vitamix Legacy-Series machines only: 5200, 5300, 6300, 6500, 7500, 780, Aspire Series, Creations Series, Professional Series, Total Nutrition Center, TurboBlend Series. Not compatible with Vitamix Ascent Series machines. Included in the box: Adapter, Getting Started Guide, and two 20-ounce cups & lids.