Ice Cube Tray Feature: A Must-Have Kitchen Gadget: Each round ice cube tray features 33-cube and makes up to 99 cubes in total. You can use it to DIY delicious cold food that you favorite. A Must-Have Kitchen Gadget: Each round ice cube tray features 33-cube and makes up to 99 cubes in total. You can use it to DIY delicious cold food that you favorite. No More Struggling with Removal of the Ice: With the food grade safe material made at the bottom. Separate for each grid, it is easy to remove ice trays for freezer release easily with just a twist. No More Struggling with Removal of the Ice: With the food grade safe material made at the bottom. Separate for each grid, it is easy to remove ice trays for freezer release easily with just a twist. Practical Designs: Unlike other ice ball mold just a little injection hole and difficult for fill in water, we have a friendly design that no need to pour water with one hole after another. Provide a better user experience. Practical Designs: Unlike other ice ball mold just a little injection hole and difficult for fill in water, we have a friendly design that no need to pour water with one hole after another. Provide a better user experience. Stackable lid: The removable lids help prevent leaking in the freezer and keeps ice cubes from absorbing freezer odors. Stackable lid: The removable lids help prevent leaking in the freezer and keeps ice cubes from absorbing freezer odors. Easy to Clean: Easily wash the ice trays for freezer with running water. Easy to Clean: Easily wash the ice trays for freezer with running water. Customer Service: We aim to provide customers with a perfect experience and the best after-sales service. If you have any concerns or questions about this product, please feel free to contact us via Amazon. Customer Service: We aim to provide customers with a perfect experience and the best after-sales service. If you have any concerns or questions about this product, please feel free to contact us via Amazon. Specifications: Materials: BPA-free & food grade hard plastic material Materials: BPA-free & food grade hard plastic material Dimensions: 10 inchx6.4 inchx3.8 inch Dimensions: 10 inchx6.4 inchx3.8 inch Color: Pink Color: Pink Package content: 3 Pack ice cube trays with lids, A container & Ice tongs Package content: 3 Pack ice cube trays with lids, A container & Ice tongs Wide Application: Cooling summer drinks: beer, cocktail, whisky, coffee Cooling summer drinks: beer, cocktail, whisky, coffee Decoration of party drinks: simulate the taste of wine,flower Ice cubes Decoration of party drinks: simulate the taste of wine,flower Ice cubes DIY Delicious: frozen yogurt, jellies, puddings, baby food, fruit cubes DIY Delicious: frozen yogurt, jellies, puddings, baby food, fruit cubes