" Affordable Luxury Linens This double-stitched down alternative comforter provides just the right amount of warmth all year long. The 12 gorgeous colors ensure that there is a hue that is perfect for every bedroom. The versatile colors make this a great choice for a kid's comforter, a throw blanket for couch, or in the guest room or the master bedroom. This comforter is well-made and highly durable with all the convenience of being machine washable. The microfiber outer cover is extremely soft and luxurious, and is wrinkle free for a picture perfect look right out of the dryer. This gorgeous comforter is sure to complement any room and provide a comfortable night’s rest.  Our lightweight microfiber cover and lofty down alternative fill allow air to circulate for a breathable bed that is warm enough for the winter, but stays remarkably cool in the warmer months. The baffle box and box stitch design, the filling will not shift, ensuring an even cover throughout the entire night. Our durable comforter is easy to clean, while still providing the luxurious feel of pure down bedding. Heritage We have been manufacturing fine linens for over 40 years. We make everything from comforters and mattress toppers, to towels and bath robes, sheets, duvets, pillowcases, and bedskirts, and even area rugs. Our wide range of colors, patterns, and price points ensures that every one of our customers will be able to find something they'll love. We are experts in manufacturing high quality textiles and pride ourselves on only producing the finest products. See what our customers have to say: ""For the price I didn't expect such a soft and luxurious comforter. Very nice!"" ""Wonderful for all seasons! My daughter loves it!"" ""We've used it through the winter and still using it now in the spring. It's just the perfect weight for us with a thin blanket. For the price, I thought it was a steal"" ""I'm always nervous purchasing things online that I would really like to touch before buying, but these comforters are AMAZINGLY soft. I bought three for my kids, and I am so jealous that I am about to buy one for my own bed. Perfect."" ""I bought two of these for my children and they are so soft and cozy! When I am in the market for a new one for me, I will be getting one!"" ""The fabric is super soft and the packing wrinkles shook out quickly. I definitely recommend it"" And try it for yourself! "