Enjoy the Fine Art of Cooking Inspired by the great French kitchens, Cuisinart began making professional cookware almost 30 years ago. Constructed of the finest materials available to perfectly perform all of the classic cooking techniques, Cuisinart cookware continues a long tradition of excellence. Cuisinart's commitment to quality and innovation continues with the MultiClad Pro Stainless cookware, designed to meet the demands of gourmet chefs everywhere. Unique triple-ply construction joins a brushed stainless steel exterior, a pure aluminum core that provides even heat distribution, and a stainless steel interior, for optimal performance. MultiClad Pro Stainless lets you celebrate the fine art of cooking. What is MultiClad Pro Stainless Cookware? Premium cookware that features professional triple-ply construction, a core of pure aluminum bonded to a stainless steel interior and a brushed stainless exterior. Heat Surround technology maintains even heat distribution along the bottom and side walls of the cookware, eliminating hotspots. Premium stainless steel cooking surfaces do not react with food or alter natural flavors. Updated Cool Grip handle design Tight-fitting stainless steel cover Tapered rim for drip-free pouring The Cuisinart Details Designed to provide professional gourmet cooking results, this cookware offers perfect heat and perfect results, every time. The Choice of Professionals Aluminum core heats and cools quickly for precise temperature control. Heat Surround technology provides even heat distribution along the bottom and up the side walls of the cookware. Stainless steel interior is ideal for delicately simmering sauces, perfectly sautéing vegetables, browning meats, or boiling several servings of pasta. Cover Seals in Nutrients A tight-fitting stainless steel cover seals in food's natural juices and nutrients for healthier, more flavorful results. The cover is dishwasher-safe. Drip-Free Pouring The rim is tapered for drip-free pouring. Professional Results Stainless steel cooking surface does not react with food or alter food flavors. Great for classic cooking techniques like sautéing, frying, browning, searing and slowly simmering sauces. Superior Heat Triple-Ply construction includes the unsurpassed heat conductivity of a pure aluminum core. It insures maximum heat retention and even heat distribution, eliminating hot spots. Perfect Balance The exclusive Cool Grip handle stays cool on the stovetop. The handle's unique thumb rests are riveted for perfect balance and ultimate control when lifting and pouring.